> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the tinystep.in privacy policy that was archived on 2015-07-02. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20150702131542id_/http%3A//tinystep.in/privacy.html) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Tinystep

1\. Sharing. TinyStep may share aggregated demographic information with TinyStep's partners. This is not linked to any personal information that can identify any individual person. TinyStep shall not be liable for the transfer of any personal information resulting from loss or distribution of data, the delineation or corruption of storage media, power failures, natural phenomena, riots, and acts of vandalism, sabotage, terrorism or any other event beyond TinyStep's control. 2\. Consulting. TinyStep may partner with third parties to provide specific services. When you sign up for these third party services, TinyStep will share names, or other contact information that is necessary for the third party to provide these services. According to TinyStep's contractual arrangements with parties, these parties are not allowed to use personal information except for the explicit purpose of providing these services. 3\. Spam TinyStep maintains a strict "No-Spam" policy, which means that TinyStep does not intend to sell, rent or otherwise give your e-mail address to a third party without your consent. 4\. Legal Requests. TinyStep takes your right to privacy very seriously and has taken measures to safeguard and respect your personal information. TinyStep will only disclose your personal information in the event it is required to do so by law, rules, regulations, law enforcement, governmental official, legal authority or similar requirements. 5\. TinyStep Forums When you participate in a forum on the Websites including, but not limited to posts, poll votes, and post comments, your name and IP address may be recorded for purposes of maintaining your own account within the Forums, and preventing abuses of the forums. This information is not used to personally identify you outside the TinyStep community. In order to diffuse the information in the Websites' forums to a wider audience, TinyStep may, from time to time, collect some of your postings and group them together to use in a specific publication, print, electronic mailing or other public dissemination. At no point however will your name or IP address be revealed in any publication. In addition, when your postings are used in this fashion, they may be edited to fit with the general content of the publication being prepared. It is important to remember that whenever you voluntarily disclose personal information in a forum, through e-mail or elsewhere, that information can be collected and used by others. If your personal information is accessible to the public, you may receive unsolicited messages from other parties in return. You are solely responsible for maintaining the secrecy of your personal information. You may participate in any forums offered through the Websites, but you agree not to post any material the content of which (i) is defamatory, libellous, obscene, indecent, abusive, threatening to others, or in violation of any law; or (ii) infringes the copyright, trademark right, or other intellectual property right of any third party. You will be solely responsible for all content that you post on any forum available on the Websites. You agree to indemnify TinyStep and its officers and employees from and against all liabilities, judgments, damages, and costs (including attorney's fees) incurred by any of them which arise out of or are related to the content that you post. Forums are intended only for the personal use of TinyStep subscribers, and may not be used for commercial purposes or for organized political activity. 
