> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the wgbh.org privacy policy that was archived on 2005-03-23. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20050323095845id_/http%3A//www.wgbh.org/about/privacy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# WGBH Privacy Policy

Thank you for visiting wgbh.org. As an extension of our broadcast mission, we want your visit to wgbh.org to enlighten, inform, and entertain you. We know you don't want the information you provide us shared indiscriminately. Here we explain how wgbh.org collects information, what we do with it, and what controls you have. We're committed to ensuring the privacy of your personally identifiable information, and to protecting your ability to make financial transactions and transmit your personal data with full confidence. 

The privacy policy set forth here refers solely to wgbh.org. Please read it carefully, and if you have any questions or concerns, please contact us . Also, note that wgbh.org links to numerous other sites, such as [PBS](http://www.pbs.org/aboutsite/privacy.html), [NPR](http://www.npr.org/about/privacypolicy.html) and [Public Interactive](http://www.publicinteractive.com/company/user-privacy-policy.html). Please consult those sites to learn more about their policies. 

**Gathering and Use of Information**  
Neither WGBH, nor our fulfillment agent who supports "Shop WGBH" pages, will willfully disclose any personally identifiable information about our online users to any third party without first receiving the user's permission, unless required by law. The wgbh.org Web site and our "Shop WGBH" pages only collect personally identifiable information from our visitors on a voluntary basis (such as your name, address, e-mail address, telephone number, and/or other identifying information). You should recognize that under certain circumstances, if you choose not to voluntarily submit requested information, you may not be able to engage in certain activities -- e.g., WGBH schedule personalization, accessing WGBH membership information, entering online contests, purchasing videos or books -- for which personally identifiable information is needed. 

**Registration, Minimum Requirements, and Security**  
To serve you better, we offer visitors the option to personalize the Schedule feature of wgbh.org, to sign up for free e-mail services, and to gain access to information about their WGBH membership (if this applies) -- all by registering a user name and password. These services are free of charge, entirely optional, and designed to enhance your enjoyment of wgbh.org. 

To administer these services we require a minimum of information from you. This includes a user name (your e-mail address), password, acknowledgment that you are 18 years of age or older, and information about your membership status at WGBH. Our personalized forms are stored and served from a secure server. This means that each page you view and any information you submit is encrypted on its way between computers (yours and ours). In the unlikely event that the information you send is intercepted, it should not be usable by anyone else. While no computer system is 100 percent secure, WGBH has taken reasonable steps to ensure the security of any information you provide to our Web site. Our goal is to offer service while adhering to the best security practices possible; to do so requires your shared cooperation and commitment. Thus, to participate in these optional services you agree to abide by the following terms and conditions: 

  * All registration information submitted by you is accurate and updated. 
  * You will not select or use an e-mail address of another person with the intent to impersonate that person. 
  * You will not use the e-mail address in which another person has rights without that person's authorization. 
  * You are responsible for maintaining the confidentiality of your password. (Please know that if you choose to share your log-in and password, you are providing access to your private information.) 



**Secure Credit Card Transactions**  
The wgbh.org Web site and our "Shop WGBH" pages offer you the convenience of making membership contributions and product purchases via credit card. WGBH and our fulfillment agent, who supports "Shop WGBH" pages, utilize state-of-the-art measures to ensure credit card account information security and to secure any information from your computer to our server. Our Web financial transaction forms are stored and served from secure servers. This means that each page you view and any information you submit is encrypted on its way between computers (yours and ours, or yours and our fulfillment agentbThe wgbh.org Web site and our "Shop WGBH" pages offer you the convenience of making membership contributions and product purchases via credit card. WGBH and our fulfillment agent, who supports "Shop WGBH" pages, utilize state-of-the-art measures to ensure credit card account information security and to secure any information from your computer to our server. Our Web financial transaction forms are stored and served from secure servers. This means that each page you view and any information you submit is encrypted on its way between computers (yours and ours, or yours and our fulfillment agent's). Even in the highly unlikely event that your transmission is intercepted, it should not be usable. Your peace of mind and the safeguarding of your credit card information are top priorities for us. All online credit card transactions are done through a secure server using 128-bit SSL; you know you're on a secure page when the Web address starts with "https" (the "s" is for "secure"). Your credit card information is used only for your intended purpose -- that is, for the purchase or contribution you wish to make. 

**E-mail Addresses**  
WGBH and our fulfillment agent, who supports "Shop WGBH" pages, maintain customer databases with e-mail addresses of viewers, listeners and members, Web visitors who have provided them to WGBH by registering at our site, audience members who e-mail questions about membership or programs, donors who submit online membership contributions (that is, make an online pledge), or online buyers who make a purchase. We will use these addresses to send information about WGBH programs, Web sites, services, membership or to correspond about a purchase or product offers. 

WGBH does not sell, exchange, or lend e-mail addresses to outside companies, organizations, or individuals except where required by law. WGBH will always provide a clear and convenient method of unsubscribing to our e-mailings. You can unsubscribe at any time by either using any "Personalize" or "Sign in" link on wgbh.org and updating your preferences, or by going to wgbh.org's [Contact Us](https://web.archive.org/contact/) page. We will update our records as soon as possible. Or you can follow the unsubscribe directions included in every e-mail message we send. If you have already unsubscribed from WGBH e-mails, rest assured that we will continue to honor your request. 

Our fulfillment agent's e-mail database will never be released by them except in response to a lawful court order or when instructed by WGBH. Their sole use of your e-mail address and other information is to communicate with you about your purchase or to answer questions you may ask, unless you have approved another use. If you have approved another use, each e-mail will include unsubscribe instructions. 

**WGBH and Your Postal Address**  
Like many nonprofits, we occasionally exchange some of our donors' names and postal addresses with carefully selected nonprofit educational, cultural, health, and social service organizations. When you make an online contribution, your name and postal address will be included as eligible for an exchange. Our exchange program provides other nonprofits with only your name and postal address. 

Please note that on every online contribution form, we give you the opportunity to opt out of having your name and address shared. If at any time you would like to check or update our record of your information, please let us know by using the wgbh.org [Contact Us](https://web.archive.org/contact/) page, calling the WGBH Member Hotline (617-300-3300, Monday-Friday, 9am-5pm EST), or writing to us (WGBH, Box 200, Boston, MA 02134). If you already have opted out of having your name and address exchanged, rest assured that we will continue to honor your request, except where required by law. 

**Cookies and Browsers**  
In general, cookies -- the informational files that your Web browser places on your computer when you visit a Web site -- are used on wgbh.org and on "Shop WGBH" pages to track how you and other visitors use our site, identifying the source of visitors and what pages you use while on our site, or to facilitate the shopping checkout process. By looking at this traffic we can better understand our community, which allows us to improve our Web site and to provide you with an optimal experience and better service. The wgbh.org Web site also uses cookies to provide you with personalized schedules, registration services and to keep track of items you add to your shopping cart on "Shop WGBH" pages. At no time does the cookie reveal your name, address, or e-mail address (even if you have entered these in specific areas of wgbh.org). The wgbh.org Web site and "Shop WGBH" pages cannot extract any personally identifying information about you from what we receive via a cookie and your browser. 

You can set your browser software to refuse cookies or to alert you when cookies are being sent. However, some parts of wgbh.org, such as personalized schedules, shopping pages and registration for online access to membership information, will not function properly if you do so. You always have the ability to disengage the cookie software on your browser without limiting your ability to view our home page, the TV or Radio Schedules or to make a secure online pledge, among other features of our site. 

**Acceptance of this Privacy Policy for wgbh.org**  
By using this site, you signify your agreement to the terms and conditions of this Privacy Policy for wgbh.org. If you do not agree to these terms and conditions, please do not use this site. We reserve the right, at our sole discretion, to change, modify, add, or remove portions of this policy at any time. Please check this page periodically for any changes. Your continued use of wgbh.org following the posting of any changes to these terms shall mean that you have accepted those changes. If you have any questions or concerns, please contact us. Please see our specific ["Notice to Parents"](https://web.archive.org/about/kidsprivacy) for more information about wgbh.org's policies regarding your child's use of this Web site. 
