> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the pgestore.com privacy policy that was archived on 2012-11-20. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20121120094943id_/http%3A//www.pgestore.com/Privacy-Policy/privacy-policy%2Cdefault%2Cpg.html) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# eStore Retail Services | eStore Retail Services Privacy Policy

Privacy & Security | Privacy Policy

* * *

eStore Retail Services (together “we”, “us”, or “our”) has established the following privacy policy (the “Policy”) for each visitor or person who accesses or visits this site and related subdomains and/or online content (“Site”) and/or customer who orders or purchases products or services offered on or through the Site (“you” or “ your”). This Policy governs your use of the Site. Terms of this Policy apply when you interact with the Site in anyway (including, but not limited to, just visiting the Site (browsing the site) or becoming a registered account user). By using our Site, you acknowledge that you have read and understand the following Policy and that you agree to be bound by all of its terms.

### Our Policy

We understand that making purchases online involves a great deal of trust on your part. We take that trust seriously, and, as a result, we seek to ensure the security and confidentiality of your personally identifiable information (“PII”) online. PII is information that identifies you as a specific individual, for example, your name, account number, physical or email address, and phone number plus other information that personally identifies you. We are committed to protecting your privacy online. Our Policy demonstrates our firm commitment to protecting your privacy. If you have questions that are not addressed herein, please submit them to us by sending an email to [privacy@estoreretailservices.com](mailto:privacy@estoreretailservices.com).

The purpose of this Policy is to help you understand what kinds of PII we may gather about you when you visit the Site, how we may use that information, whether we will disclose it, and how you can correct or update it. We note that this Policy sets forth our online information collection and use policies under U.S. law.

If you do not agree to the terms of this Policy, you should not use the Site. We reserve the right to update or modify this Policy from time to time, and such changes to the Policy will be effective immediately; therefore please bookmark this page and review it periodically to assure familiarity with the most current version of the Policy. You can tell if the Policy has been updated since you last reviewed it by checking the "Last Revised" date at the beginning of the Policy. This Policy is the sole authorized statement of our practices with respect to the online collection of PII and the usage of such information. Any summaries of this Policy generated by third party software or otherwise (for example, in connection with the "Platform for Privacy Preferences" or "P3P") shall have no legal effect, are in no way binding upon us, shall not be relied upon in substitute for this Policy, and neither supersede nor modify this Policy. To assist you with your review of our Policy, we have provided answers to questions that you may find important:

  1. What PII We Collect
  2. How We Use the PII We Collect
  3. Communications from the Site
  4. Marketing Communications
  5. Postal Mail
  6. Cookies
  7. Web Beacons
  8. Third-Party Advertising
  9. How We Protect Your PII
  10. Correcting/Updating Your PII and Preferences
  11. Other Information We Collect
  12. Sweepstakes and Promotions
  13. Co-branded Sites: Links to Third Party Sites
  14. Online vs. Offline Practices
  15. User Generated Content
  16. Changes to This Policy
  17. Contact Information



### What PII We Collect

We collect PII that you specifically and voluntarily provide on the Site or by email to us. The Site includes both public areas, open to all visitors, and private areas that are open only to those visitors who choose to register. In addition, visitors can sign up on the Site to request email newsletters and other information from us. We collect PII from you when you:

  * Make a purchase,
  * Create an account or register at our Site,
  * Contact a phone sales representative,
  * Are contacted by a phone sales representative,
  * Subscribe to our promotional email newsletter(s),
  * Request product information or samples,
  * Participate in a survey,
  * Or otherwise provide PII on our Site or to our agent or representative.



### How We Use the PII We Collect

The following are examples of ways we may use the PII we collect about you:

  * Fulfill requests for products, services and/or information
  * Process payment for purchases or other services
  * Provide customer service
  * Create and manage your account
  * Send samples, premiums, products and information
  * Send promotional email newsletter(s) for which you have subscribed
  * Develop new products and services
  * Enroll you in contests, programs, or offers you request
  * To provide you with other services that we have offered to you
  * Protect against or identify possible fraudulent transactions
  * Where permitted by law, provide you with customized, unsolicited offers and information about our products and services through postal mail
  * Administer promotions or surveys
  * Tailor our online offerings to your preferences and interests
  * Analyze the use of our products, services, and Site
  * Understand how you arrived at our Site
  * Measure and improve the effectiveness of our Site and our marketing endeavors
  * Enforce our Terms and Conditions and otherwise manage our business



When you make a purchase on our Site we collect credit card information including card number, card type, cardholder name and billing address, and expiration date, in order to bill you for purchases made through the Site.

We may disclose PII to third party providers, suppliers, consultants, professional advisors and contractors who perform services on our behalf, but only to the extent necessary for them to perform such services. At times, we may seek to validate the PII we have collected via an audit by a third party designed to determine the accuracy of and/or to update the information collected.

With the exception of certain financial information, all PII we collect from you on this Site may be shared with our subsidiaries and The Procter & Gamble Company and its subsidiaries and affiliates (“P&G”) and used by P&G in accordance with its Privacy Statement.

We reserve the right to release PII concerning you when we believe (1) that you are or may be in violation of any published guidelines for the use of the Site, or (2) that you are participating (or we suspect you are participating) in any illegal or potentially illegal activity. We also reserve the right to disclose PII to comply with applicable law, in response to civil subpoenas or discovery requests, or when we believe in good faith that disclosure is required to protect our rights, property, safety or security or those of others or the public, or to respond to an emergency.

In the event that we sell or otherwise transfer operation of this Site to a third party, we reserve the right to also transfer any and all information (including any PII) associated with the Site to such third party. However, all PII transferred to such third party shall be transferred subject to the usage restrictions contained in this Policy. Please note that we are not responsible for retracting your PII from any third parties with whom we have shared your information pursuant to the terms of this Policy.

### Communications from the Site

If you choose to transact or take certain actions with the Site and provide PII, you agree to receive communications directly related to your transaction or action taken. These communications may include but are not limited to: registration confirmations, shipping confirmations, cancellation confirmation, return confirmations, customer service, or similar transaction/action related communications.

### Marketing Communications:

**Email Opt-Out / Unsubscribe**  
We only send you promotional mobile or email messages if you explicitly ask to receive these. (You opt in). You can stop receiving promotional mobile and email messages by following the instructions provided in any such message.

### Postal Mail

Where permitted by law, we may mail you unsolicited offers or product information that we believe may be of interest to you.

### Cookies

A cookie is a small file placed on your computer when you visit a site that can be understood by the site that issued the cookie. We use cookies to monitor how our Site is used and to help personalize your online experience. For example, when you register on our Site, we may store a unique code in a cookie on your computer. The next time you come back to the Site from that computer, our servers use the cookie to recognize you. We can then use the information you provided when you registered combined with your activities on our Site to provide you advertising and offers of interest.

You can accept or decline cookies. Most browsers automatically accept cookies. To learn more about cookies, including how to refuse cookies on your computer, please consult the help feature of your web browser.

### Web Beacons

Web beacons are small bits of code embedded in web pages or in emails. We may use web beacons to deliver or communicate with cookies, to count users who have visited a web page, and to understand usage patterns. We also may include web beacons in e-mails to learn if messages have been opened, acted on, or forwarded.

You can disable the ability of web beacons to capture information in this manner by declining cookies as described above.

### Third-Party Advertising

We may allow third parties, including business partners and ad networks, to display advertising on our Site. Some of these companies may place a cookie on your computer to recognize your computer each time they send you an online advertisement. This enables them to understand where you, or others who are using your computer, saw their advertisement and deliver ads that they believe are of interest to you. We do not control these companies’ use of cookies. Some of these companies are members of the Network Advertising Initiative (NAI), which offers a single location to opt out of their cookies. Please visit the Network Advertising Initiative’s website at: <http://www.networkadvertising.org/optout_nonppii.asp>

### How We Protect Your PII

To help ensure the confidentiality of your PII, we seek to use security technology and procedures, which are reviewed periodically. We use encryption technology and Secure Socket Layers (“SSL”) in all areas where your PII and account information is required. This means that the PII you submit to us via our Site is encrypted by your computer, and then decrypted again on our side, discouraging others from accessing your PII during transmission. If your browser does not support SSL, or if you are unable to establish a secure connection due to a company firewall, please call us at  
(877) 888-2678 to place your order by phone.

In addition, your PII, account information, and transaction history are kept behind our firewall.

### Correcting/Updating Your PII and Preferences

If you would like to have your PII removed from our databases, or to make changes to your PII or to your preferences regarding the use of your PII for marketing purposes, please [click here](https://www.pgestore.com/on/demandware.store/Sites-PG-Site/default/Account-Show "Update PII"). We will use reasonable efforts to comply with your request. Please note that we may need to contact you in order to be sure that we are updating the appropriate information. When requesting that PII be updated or that your preferences be changed, please keep in mind that until the change is implemented, you may still receive email and/or physical mailings from us. Furthermore, there will be residual information that will remain within our databases, access logs and other records, which may contain such PII. The residual information will not be used for commercial marketing purposes. Please note that we are not responsible for retracting your PII from third parties (including, but not limited to The Procter & Gamble Company and its subsidiaries and affiliates) with whom we have shared your information pursuant to the terms and conditions of this Policy.

### Other Information We Collect

Information About Your Computer and Your Site Activities: When you come to our Site we collect and aggregate information about your computer (such as IP address, operating system and browser software), and click-stream information (such as the address (or “URL”) of the site that you came from before visiting our Site, which pages of our Site were visited, the order in which they were visited and which hyperlinks were clicked) for the purpose of assessing our Site traffic and the effectiveness of our Site content, as well as to help diagnose problems with our servers. This data allows us to improve the quality of your visit by streamlining your ability to navigate the Site and to develop featured programs and content that will be of interest to you.

### Sweepstakes and Promotions

We may from time to time offer sweepstakes, contests, or other similar promotions on the Site. Additional PII may be required in order to participate in such promotions, so that we may, for example, verify entrants' eligibility and identity and notify winners. Participation in such promotions is completely voluntary. If and when we sponsor such promotions, we will post relevant privacy information in the respective "official rules" and/or registration areas for such promotions. That privacy information, to the extent it conflicts with this Policy, will govern that particular sweepstakes, contest or promotion—please remember to read it carefully.

### Co-branded Sites: Links to Third Party Sites

The Site may offer certain features that may be provided and/or hosted by third parties, but that may be presented on pages displaying our branding. The Site may also contain links to third party sites. We are not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of any such third party sites, including such sites’ use of any information (such as IP address, browser type or operating system) collected when you click through links to those sites. Even though such information might not identify you personally, we strongly encourage you to become familiar with the privacy practices of any third party sites.

### Online vs. Offline Practices

Please note that this Policy applies solely to our online information-gathering and dissemination practices in connection with the Site, and does not apply to any of our practices conducted offline other than as expressly set forth in this Policy.

### User Generated Content

We may enable users to submit their own content for contests, blogs, videos, and other functions. Please remember that any information you disclose becomes public information and you should exercise caution when deciding to disclose your personal, financial or other information in a submission. We cannot prevent such information from being used in a manner that may violate this Policy, the law, or your personal privacy and safety and are not responsible for the results of such postings.

### Changes to This Policy

We will remain committed to protecting your privacy online. We may change this Policy from time to time. When such a change is made, we will post the revised Policy on the Site so please bookmark this page and check back periodically.

### Contact Information

Questions regarding this Policy should be directed to [privacy@estoreretailservices.com](mailto:privacy@estoreretailservices.com) or may also be sent directly to the following address:

PFSweb Retail Connect, Inc.  
505 Millennium Drive  
Allen, TX 75013
