> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the naukriforwomen.com privacy policy that was archived on 2017-12-14. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20171214184534id_/http%3A//www.naukriforwomen.com/privacy-policy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy Policy - Naukri for Women

We at NaukriForWomen are committed to good privacy practices regarding your personal information. Your loyalty as a job seeker, customer or visitor is important, and we hope that our concerns regarding your privacy, as described in this policy (the "Privacy Policy" or "Policy"), demonstrate our commitment to making your experience with NaukriForWomen an enjoyable and satisfying one. 

Although NaukriForWomen respects the privacy of all those who visit our Web sites and use our online services, we do collect information from our visitors, including job seekers and customers. This Privacy Policy governs your interaction with the NaukriForWomen web site and your registration for and use of NaukriForWomen's online services (collectively, the "Services"). Except as set forth within this Privacy Policy and our [_Terms of Use_](https://web.archive.org/terms-use-agreement) and other published guidelines, we do not release personally identifiable information about our members and visitors without their permission.

Note that, by using the Services, you signify your agreement to this Privacy Policy. If you do not agree to this Policy, please do not use the Services. Your continued use of the Services subsequent to changes to this Policy will mean that you accept the changes; therefore, please bookmark this page and review it periodically. If you have any questions regarding this Privacy Policy, or any other privacy issues in connection with the Services, please e-mail us at [_[email  protected]_](https://web.archive.org/cdn-cgi/l/email-protection#5b2b29322d3a38221b353a2e3029323d34292c34363e3575383436)

**A. The information we gather**.

NaukriForWomen gathers two types of information about users:

1\. **Non-personally identifiable information (information that does not identify a specific individual)** : When visitors use the Services, we collect and aggregate information indicating, among other things, which pages were visited, the order in which they were visited, and which links were "clicked." Collecting such information involves the collection and logging of IP addresses, operating system, and browser software used by each user of the Services. Although such information is not personally identifiable, we can determine from the IP address a visitor's Internet Service Provider and the geographic location of his or her point of connectivity.

The non-personally identifiable information we collect helps us identify the most popular areas of our web site and determine the effectiveness of our promotional activities. In addition, we may disclose some of this information to advertisers to inform them of the number of people who have seen and/or clicked through their advertisements.

We collect non-personally identifiable information in part through the use of "cookies" - that is, small text files placed on your computer's hard drive - that help us determine the type of content and pages to which you link, the length of time you spend at any particular area of the Services, and the Services you choose to use. Cookies also tell us which advertisements you have seen on our Services, allowing us to continue to provide many of these Services at little or no cost to you. Essentially, cookies are your identification cards for the NaukriForWomen computers or servers that placed them there. Cookies are only read by the server that placed them, and are unable to execute any code or virus; they will not permit a Web site operator to learn any personally identifiable information (see below) about you unless you have previously provided that information to the Web site operator or you have set the preferences in your browser to provide this information.

Cookies allow NaukriForWomen to serve you better and more efficiently, and to personalize your experience with the Services - for example, by allowing us to save your password so that you do not have to reenter it each time you use the Services. Nevertheless, you should be able to control how and whether cookies will be accepted by your web browser. For more information on how to do so, please refer to the documentation accompanying your browser.

Please note that our advertisers and their designees, as well as other third parties, may collect information about you through cookies or other technologies when they serve advertisements through the Services or when you visit their Web site(s). Additionally, the Services contain links to other third party Web sites, including co-branded or other affiliated sites which may or may not be owned or operated by or in conjunction with NaukriForWomen. You acknowledge that we do not monitor or control the information collection or privacy practices of any third parties, and are not responsible for their practices or the content of their web sites, including their use of any information (such as IP number, browser type, or operating system) collected when visitors or Members "click through" links to their sites or view advertisements served by them. Even though certain information collected by such third parties might not identify you personally, we strongly encourage you to become familiar with their privacy practices, and to contact such third parties if you have any questions about their respective privacy policies.

**2\. Personally identifiable information** : In certain areas of the Services - such as those in which you Announce Availability, complete a profile, submit your resume, create a new account, or enter NaukriForWomen-sponsored contests or promotions - we may request that you provide us with certain personally identifiable information, such as your e-mail address, name, zip code, profession, or work experience. We will, in such situations, seek to identify which informational items are required and which are optional.

Job seekers should post profiles and resumes on NaukriForWomen only if they wish such information to be viewed by NaukriForWomen's customers. At any time, job seekers may elect that their profile and resume not be searchable by NaukriForWomen's customers by logging into their account and changing the status of their profile or, if that is not possible, they may contact NaukriForWomen at 

[_[email  protected]_](https://web.archive.org/cdn-cgi/l/email-protection#0f7c7a7f7f607d7b4f616e7a647d6669607d7860626a61216c6062) and we will make the change for them.

In addition, job seekers may elect to make their profile searchable by NaukriForWomen customers on a confidential basis only. In this case, the user's name, contact information and resume will not be displayed to customers performing searches on NaukriForWomen. If the customer desires to contact the confidential job seeker regarding an employment opportunity, they will send an email to the job seeker through the NaukriForWomen system. NaukriForWomen will forward the mail to the seeker's email address. The seeker's email address will not be provided directly to the customer. 

_The Services are not available to children under 18 years of age_. We do not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from children under 18 years of age.

Please note that NaukriForWomen cannot control the acts of users of the Services. All members and visitors should be aware that, when they disclose personally identifiable information in a resume or profile or other medium, the information may be collected and used by others to send that person unsolicited email from other parties outside NaukriForWomen. In the event that you encounter any NaukriForWomen user who is improperly collecting or using information about you or other users, please contact [_[email  protected]_](https://web.archive.org/cdn-cgi/l/email-protection#4b3b39223d2a28320b252a3e2039222d24393c24262e2565282426).

**B. How we use (and do not use) the information we gather**. 

Please take some time to familiarize yourself with the different ways we use the information we gather. Keep in mind that, while NaukriForWomen encourages all third parties involved - including but not limited to its advertisers - to adhere to our policies regarding the privacy of our visitors and members and to otherwise handle personal information in a responsible manner, we cannot and do not assume any responsibility for any actions or omissions of third parties, including the manner in which they use information received either from NaukriForWomen or independently. Nevertheless, in the event you encounter any third party associated with, or who claims association with NaukriForWomen, who you feel is improperly collecting or using information about you, please contact [_[email  protected]_](https://web.archive.org/cdn-cgi/l/email-protection#7404061d0215170d341a15011f061d121b06031b19111a5a171b19) . We will be happy to forward your message to the third party or contact the third party on your behalf. 

1\. **How we use (and do not use) non-personally identifiable information** : We use non-personally identifiable information in aggregate form to build higher quality, more useful Services by performing statistical analyses of the collective characteristics and behavior of our visitors and members, and by measuring demographics and interests regarding specific areas of the Services. We may provide statistical information based on this data to advertisers and other current and potential business partners. We may also use the aggregate data to inform these third parties as to the number of people who have seen and clicked through links to their sites.

2\. **How we use (and do not use) personally identifiable information** : NaukriForWomen does not sell, re-sell or distribute for re-sale your personally identifiable information. NaukriForWomen's customers may only use the information provided in resumes and profiles of job seekers to evaluate seekers' qualifications for the customer's open job opportunities. Job seekers should be aware, however, that NaukriForWomen has no way to control how a customer actually uses the service and how they use the resume and profile information. If you believe a NaukriForWomen customer is using personally identifiable information inappropriately, please notify NaukriForWomen at [_[email  protected]_](https://web.archive.org/cdn-cgi/l/email-protection#c1b1b3a8b7a0a2b881afa0b4aab3a8a7aeb3b6aeaca4afefa2aeac).

Please note that NaukriForWomen reserves the right to disclose information submitted by or concerning any visitor or member as we reasonably feel is necessary to protect our systems or business. Specifically, but without limitation, we reserve the right to disclose such information when a visitor or member is in violation of our [_Terms of Use_](https://web.archive.org/terms-use-agreement) or other published guidelines, or partakes (or is reasonably suspected of partaking) in any harmful, infringing or illegal activity, even without a subpoena, warrant, or other court order, and to disclose such information in response to court and governmental orders, civil subpoenas, discovery requests, and as otherwise required by law, as well as in response to allegations of infringement. We cooperate with law enforcement agencies in identifying those who may be using our servers or services for illegal activities. We also reserve the right to report any suspected illegal activity to law enforcement for investigation or prosecution, or to suspend or terminate your membership in connection with any suspected illegal or infringing activity. Finally, NaukriForWomen reserves the right to assign, sell, license, or otherwise transfer to a third party your personally identifiable information in connection with an assignment, sale, joint venture, or other transfer or disposition of any portion or all of NaukriForWomen's or its affiliated entities' assets or stock.

Subject to the foregoing, NaukriForWomen uses your personally identifying information in several ways:

     \- to customize various aspects of the Services to your preferences;   
     \- to determine which advertisements or sponsor messages will appear on your screen;  
     \- to send to you NaukriForWomen solicitations, product announcements, and the like that we feel may be of interest to you (you may "opt out" of receiving these materials, as provided below);  
     \- to send to you certain e-mail messages that are critical to your use of the Services, such as system status updates or order confirmations (because these messages contain important information, you may not be able to "opt out" of receiving such messages);  
     \- to "pre-populate" forms that are displayed for the purpose of collecting individual data by NaukriForWomen and/or its sponsors (in no case will pre-populating a form automatically transfer any data to an advertiser or other third party - only if you voluntarily request that such data be transferred will any such transfer take place, e.g., by clicking the "Submit" button); and  
     \- as may be necessary to support the operation of the Services, such as for billing, account maintenance, and record-keeping purposes.




In addition to the circumstances described above, NaukriForWomen may disclose your personally-identifiable information to third parties as follows:

    \- When a job seeker posts a profile or resume on NaukriForWomen on a non-confidential basis, such information will be shared with NaukriForWomen's customers. (Note that at any time, job seekers may elect that their profile and resume not be searchable by NaukriForWomen's customers by logging into their account and changing the status of their profile or they may contact NaukriForWomen at 

[  
_[email  protected]_](https://web.archive.org/cdn-cgi/l/email-protection#bbc8cecbcbd4c9cffbd5daced0c9d2ddd4c9ccd4d6ded595d8d4d6) and we will make the change for them.)

    \- When a job seeker elects to make his or her profile searchable by NaukriForWomen customers on a confidential basis only, the user's name, contact information and resume will not be displayed to customers performing searches on NaukriForWomen. If the customer desires to contact the confidential job seeker regarding an employment opportunity, it will send an email to the job seeker through the NaukriForWomen system. NaukriForWomen will forward the email to the seeker's email address. The seeker's email address will not be provided directly to the customer.

    \- If you "opt in" to receive promotional materials (see below), information you have made available to NaukriForWomen may be made available to third parties who provide goods or services that we believe may be of interest to you.

    \- If you provide us with your credit card information, we will not release that information to third parties unless necessary to complete a transaction between you and such a third party. Credit card transactions are handled by a third-party financial institution, which receives the credit card number and other personal identifying information only to verify the credit card numbers and process transactions.

    \- All information made available to NaukriForWomen may be made available to our contractors and consultants,and professional advisors (such as attorneys or accountants), but only to the extent necessary for them to perform services on our behalf, and only under a duty of confidentiality.

    \- " **Opting In** ": You may choose to "opt in" to receive promotional materials from NaukriForWomen and/or its affiliates, advertisers, or other business partners. You will be given the opportunity to "opt in" to receive such materials at every point at which we collect personally identifiable information through the Services. You may change your "opt in" status or "opt out" with respect to such materials at any time by contacting us at 

[_[email  protected]_](https://web.archive.org/cdn-cgi/l/email-protection#7707051e0116140e371916021c051e11180500181a12195914181a). You may also contact those third parties directly. 

**C. Surveys and Sweepstakes** : 

Occasionally, NaukriForWomen may conduct surveys in order to better deliver advertisements and content and to better understand your needs relating to the Services. We will not share your survey information with any third party, except in aggregate form. In addition, if and when we sponsor sweepstakes or other promotions, or third parties sponsor such promotions in conjunction with us, either we or the third party will post relevant privacy information in the official rules and/or registration area for the sweepstakes or promotion. That privacy information, to the extent it conflicts with this Policy, will govern that particular promotion or sweepstakes - please remember to read it carefully.

**D. Deleting or correcting personal information.**

If you would like to have your personally identifiable information removed from NaukriForWomen's database, or would like to correct an error in such information, please contact us at [_[email  protected]_](https://web.archive.org/cdn-cgi/l/email-protection#acdcdec5dacdcfd5ecc2cdd9c7dec5cac3dedbc3c1c9c282cfc3c1), and we will use reasonable efforts to comply with your request. Keep in mind, however, that there will be residual information that will remain within NaukriForWomen databases, access logs, and other records, which may or may not contain such personally identifiable information. The residual information will not be used for commercial purposes; however NaukriForWomen reserves the right, from time to time, to re-contact former customers or users of NaukriForWomen.

**E. Questions?**

Questions regarding this Privacy Policy should be directed to [_[email  protected]_](https://web.archive.org/cdn-cgi/l/email-protection#0676746f7067657f466867736d746f60697471696b63682865696b).
