> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the androidmagazines.info privacy policy that was archived on 2016-10-17. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20161017080053id_/http%3A//www.androidmagazines.info/privacy-policy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy Policy – Android Magazines

## Android Magazines Privacy Policy

**This privacy policy is effective from 26 May 2015.** A privacy policy is a statement or a legal document that discloses some or all of the ways a party gathers, uses, discloses, and manages a urser’ data. It fulfills a legal requirement to protect a user’ privacy. This privacy policy applies to the Site and services offered by androidmagazines.info.

**What We Collect** We collect information to provide better services to all of our users. We collect the basic information of our users, such as name, last name and email address. We collect information in two ways: 1.Information you give us (name, surname and email address). 2. Information we get from your use of our services. **What We Do With The Information We Gather** androidmagazines.info requires this information to better understand your needs and provide you with a better service, and we may use the information to improve our products and services. **Security** We are committed to ensuring that your information is secure. In order to prevent unauthorised access or disclosure, we have put in place suitable physical, electronic and managerial procedures to safeguard and secure the information we collect online. **How We Use Cookies** A cookie is a small file that asks permission to be placed on your computer’s hard drive. Once you agree, the file is added and the cookie helps analyse web traffic or lets you know when you visit a particular site. Cookies allow web applications to respond to you as an individual. We use traffic log cookies to identify which pages are being used. This helps us analyse data about web page traffic and improve our website in order to tailor it to customer needs. We only use this information for statistical analysis purposes and then the data is removed from the system. Overall, cookies help us provide you with a better website, by enabling us to monitor which pages you find useful and which you do not. A cookie in no way gives us access to your computer or any information about you, other than the data you choose to share with us. **Links to Other Websites** Our website may contain links to other websites of interest. However, once you have used these links to leave our site, you should note that we do not have any control over that other website. Therefore, we cannot be responsible for the protection and privacy of any information that you provide whilst visiting such sites and such sites are not governed by this privacy statement. You should exercise caution and look at the privacy statement applicable to the website in question. **Changes** We reserve the right to change our Privacy Policy at any time. We may modify this Privacy Policy, effective immediately upon notice to you either by (1) electronic mail, or (2) posting to the site. **Questions about this Privacy Policy** If you have any questions about this privacy policy contact us at info@androidmagazines.info.

* * *
