> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the zebra.com privacy policy that was archived on 2005-12-12. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20051212133834id_/http%3A//www.zebra.com/id/zebra/na/en/index/about_zebra/our_company/compliance/privacy_statement.html) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy Statement - Zebra Technologies

  
**Foreign Visitors**  
If you are located outside of the United States, please note that this Web site is hosted on our computer servers in the United States. Any personally identifiable information collected through the Web site will therefore be transferred to the United States, a jurisdiction that might not provide an equivalent level of protection as the data protection laws in your home country. Your use of the Web site or submission of any personally identifiable information will therefore constitute your consent to these transfers. 

**Active Information Collection**  
Personally identifiable information may be collected through the Web site, including name, physical address, telephone number, e-mail address, and other contact information, and other information that is combined with your name or identifiers, such as the products or services ordered, credit/debit card and other financial and payment information, name and nature of your business, site activity data, product preference information, password and user IDs, and delivery and fulfillment information (“Personal Information”). This Personal Information is collected where required or appropriate in connection with the purchase and delivery of Zebra® products and services, the user’s creation or maintenance of a user profile for future product ordering, to allow Zebra to contact customers when necessary in response to inquiries, to tailor the user experience, and to protect Zebra from fraud or other inappropriate conduct.

 **Passive Information Collection**  
The Web site may “passively” collect certain kinds of Personal Information during your visit, including through the use of:

 _Cookies:_ “Cookies” are small text files sent from a Web site to the hard drive of a user’s computer to store bits of information related to that user. Cookies can store information about users, including IP addresses, navigational data, server information, data transfer times, user preferences, and passwords needed to access the special areas on the Web site. We use cookies for the purpose of keeping track of items in your shopping cart, to assist with the downloading of documents from the Web site, to create a more personalized experience on our Web site, for standard Web site traffic analysis, and to improve our Web site content and display. If you choose to create a user profile, we will use cookies to store the Personal Information in your profile. You may configure your Internet browser to reject cookies. However, if you do so, you might not be able to access certain pages or use important functions on the Web site, including downloading documents and establishing a user profile.

 _Other Passive Web Site Tracking._ This Web site also uses Internet Protocol (IP) addresses and log files to identify server problems, to improve site content, and compile aggregated statistics about Web site usage and click-stream data. We also use Web beacons to help personalize your experience and perform standard Web site traffic analysis in a manner similar to how we use cookies. In particular, Zebra utilizes the NetIQ Web Trends On Demand service to track Web site usage for statistical purposes. Zebra also reserves the right to introduce new passive tracking technologies and techniques related to the use of the Web site, although we will do so subject to and in accordance with applicable data protection laws and regulations. 

**Use and Disclosure of Information**  
We use, disclose, and otherwise process Personal Information in several ways on the Web site. When you place an order online, we use the Personal Information you provide, including the credit/debit card or payment information, to provide the products or services requested. If you create a user profile, we will store your Personal Information as requested. If you later decide that you do not want us to store such information, you may [contact us](https://web.archive.org/id/zebra/na/en/index/forms/en/contact_me_selections/contact_me_general.html "Contact Me General Inquiry") and ask us to delete the Personal Information in your profile. 

Upon your request, Zebra may disclose Personal Information to resellers, distributors, or alliance partners who can provide you with further information about their products or services.

Zebra also may disclose Personal Information to our affiliated companies, IT providers, fulfillment houses, and other subcontractors that assist with the operation of the Web site and/or the associated business transactions. 

Personal Information may also be used and disclosed to law enforcement personnel and other persons in situations where we believe that it is necessary to identify, contact, or bring legal proceedings against someone who may be misusing the Web site, using the Web site without proper authorization, interfering with the rights of Zebra, or when Zebra reasonably believes that the law requires such disclosure. 

We may also disclose Personal Information where necessary or appropriate to protect the security of the Web site, to protect Zebra and our affiliated companies against liability, and/or in connection with the sale or transfer of all or part of the business. In addition, the information may be used and disclosed to verify your compliance with the Zebra Web site Terms of Use. 

**Additional Email Communications**  
Persons who opt in by checking the appropriate box on various forms on the Web site will be added to our internal mailing list and may be e-mailed product information from Zebra Technologies. If you do not wish to receive such information, please [unsubscribe](https://web.archive.org/id/zebra/na/en/index/forms/en/unsubscribe_pages/unsubscribe.html "Unsubscribe: Zebra Mailing List"). We will remove your name from our subscriber list within ten business days. Except as otherwise provided in this Privacy Statement, Zebra does not sell or rent internal lists to other companies or vendors.

 **Data Security**  
We maintain reasonable technical and organizational measures to protect Personal Information against accidental or unlawful destruction or accidental loss, alteration, unauthorized disclosure or access. When you place orders or access your account information, we usually offer the use of a secure server. The secure server software receives encrypted information through the Secure Sockets Layer (SSL) of your Internet browser. 

**Access and Correction of Personal Information**  
If you wish to access or update the Personal Information you submit through this Web site, or to make any inquiries about the processing of such information, please contact us as described below. If you have created a user profile, you may also access and revise the Personal Information in your [user profile](https://web.archive.org/id/zebra/na/en/index/my_profile.html "My Profile"). In addition, Zebra provides individuals with access to their Personal Data where we believe appropriate, including in situations where you are entitled to access and review Personal Data under applicable data protection and privacy laws. 

**Links to Other Internet Sites**  
The privacy practices set forth in this Privacy Statement are for this Web site only. Other Zebra affiliate Web sites may have different practices. If you link to or otherwise visit any other Web sites managed by third parties, please review the privacy policies posted at those sites. Zebra has no control over those Web sites and is not responsible or liable for the policies and practices followed by third parties. Also, if you are an employee of Zebra or its affiliates, please note that other internal company policies apply to you related to employee use of company computer systems and networks. 

**Revisions to this Privacy Statement**  
Zebra reserves the right to change this Privacy Statement from time to time in our discretion. Please check this Privacy Statement frequently and particularly before you submit additional Personal Information via the Web site. All revisions to this Privacy Statement will be posted on the Web site via a link from the home page. In the event that we change a significant or material term in this Privacy Statement, we will notify affected visitors by revising the link on the home page to read **“Revised Privacy Policy.”**
