> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the zebronics.com privacy policy that was archived on 2015-12-29. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20151229014501id_/http%3A//www.zebronics.com/privacy-policy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Terms of Use and Privacy Policy | Zebronics - Always Ahead

Zebronics (India) Pvt Ltd respects your privacy and recognizes the need to protect the personally identifiable information (any information by which you can be identified, such as name, address, and telephone number) you share with us. We would like to assure you that we follow appropriate standards when it comes to protecting your privacy on our web sites. 

In general, you can visit Zebronics website without telling us who you are or revealing any personal information about yourself. We track the Internet address of the domains from which people visit us and analyze this data for trends and statistics, but the individual user remains anonymous in such a case. 

At Zebronics, we are committed to providing excellent customer service and outstanding value in our products and accessories while respecting and protecting the privacy of our customers. To better serve you, we may collect and maintain certain information regarding, your products and service preferences, date of special occasions related to people you buy gifts for (eg., birthdays), and billing and shipping information. Under no circumstances do we sell or rent this information to other businesses, and we protect and enforce the confidentiality of this information. We respect your privacy and seek to protect the trust you place in Zebronics (India) Pvt Ltd. Our Privacy Policy is explained in more detail below: 

**ZEBRONICS (INDIA) PVT LTD PRIVACY GUARANTEE  **

Zebronics (India) Pvt Ltd promises that it will not sell or rent your personal information to third parties for their marketing purposes without your explicit consent. From time to time we may reveal general statistical information about our Web site and visitors, such as number of visitors, number and type of goods and services purchased etc. Your trust and confidence are our highest priority.

**INFORMATION WE COLLECT  **

When you use our Site, we collect and store your personal information from you. Our primary goal in doing so is to provide a safe, efficient, smooth and customized experience. This allows us to provide services and features that most likely meet your needs, and to customize our Site to make your experience safer and easier. Importantly, we only collect personal information about you that we consider necessary for achieving this purpose. In general, you can browse the Site without telling us who you are or revealing any personal information about yourself. Once you give us your personal information, you are not anonymous to us. To fully use our Site, you will need to register using our online registration form, where you may be required to provide us with your contact and identity information, residence / place of business information, billing information, shipping information, bank account details and other personal information as indicated on the forms throughout the Site. Where possible, we indicate which fields are required and which fields are optional. You always have the option to not to provide information by choosing not to use a particular service or feature on the Site. 

We may automatically track certain information about you based upon your behavior on our site. We use this information to do internal research on our users' demographics, interests, and behavior to better understand, protect and serve our users. This information is compiled and analyzed on an aggregated basis. This information may include the URL that you just came from (whether this URL is on our site or not), which URL you next go to (whether this URL is on our site or not), your computer browser information, and your IP address. 

We use data collection devices such as "cookies" on certain pages of the Site to help analyze our web page flow, measure promotional effectiveness, and promote trust and safety. "Cookies" are small files placed on your hard drive that assist us in providing our services. We offer certain features that are only available through the use of a "cookie". We also use cookies to allow you to enter your password less frequently during a session. Cookies can also help us provide information that is targeted to your interests. Most cookies are "session cookies," meaning that they are automatically deleted from your hard drive at the end of a session. You are always free to decline our cookies if your browser permits, although in that case you may not be able to use certain features on the Site and you may be required to re-enter your password more frequently during a session. 

Additionally, you may encounter "cookies" or other similar devices on certain pages of the Site that are placed by third parties. For example, if you view a web page created by a user, there may be a "cookie" placed within that web page. We do not control the use of cookies by third parties. 

If you choose to buy on the Site, we collect information about your buying behavior. We also collect other users' comments about you in our feedback area. 

If you choose to post messages on our message boards, chat rooms or other message areas or leave feedback for other users, we will collect that information you provide to us. We retain this information as necessary to resolve disputes, provide customer support and troubleshoot problems as permitted by law. If you send us personal correspondence, such as emails or letters, or if other users or third parties send us correspondence about your activities or postings on the Site, we may collect such information into a file specific to you.

If you register for the Site on another web site or use a web site providing a service for Zebronics (India) Pvt Ltd or a web site that helps facilitate your activity on the Site, that web site may provide personal information about you and your transactions back to us.

Your privacy is very important to us. Be assured that, in accordance with our Privacy Policy, Zebronics (India) Pvt Ltd does not sell or distribute our customer list to third parties. You should be aware, however, that unscrupulous marketers can sometimes 'harvest' your email address directly from your computer or another person's address book or even obtain your email address through programs that automatically search web pages and email traffic for email addresses. Please note that all email that originates from Zebronics (India) Pvt Ltd will either display the Zebronics logo (HTML emails) or contain the Zebronics copyright notice (text emails). If you receive an unsolicited email that you believe is connected with Zebronics in any way, please forward the e-mail (as an enclosure) to webmaster@zebronics.com and we will investigate.

**YOUR CONSENT**

By using our Web site, you consent to the collection, use and disclosure of information by Zebronics and to the terms of this privacy policy. If we ever change our privacy policy, we will post any changes on this page so that you are always aware of the information that we collect, how we use it, and under what circumstances we disclose it. If we were to make a material change to our privacy policy, we will  post a notice on our Web site. 

**ITEMS AND SERVICES OFFERED ON THE SITE BY THIRD PARTIES**

There are certain items and services for which third parties request for information before the item/service is listed on the Site. The information provided by the user for such purposes is simultaneously collected by  Zebronics (India) Pvt Ltd and the respective third party. This information is utilised by the third party in accordance with its privacy policy and the terms of the offer. Because we do not control the privacy practices of these third parties, you should evaluate their practices before deciding to use their services.

**VISITOR IDENTIFICATION - USAGE OF "COOKIES"**

From time to time, information may be placed on your computer to improve this site and services for you. This information is commonly referred to as a "cookie", which many web sites use. Cookies are pieces of data stored on your computer's hard drive or browser, and not on this site. They typically enable collection of certain information about your computer, including your internet protocol address, your computer's operating system, your browser type and the address of any referring sites. The use of cookies provides benefits to you, such as eliminating the need for you to enter your password frequently during a session, or, where applicable, re-enter items you place in a shopping cart from visit to visit if you do not finish a transaction on an earlier visit. By showing how and when our visitors use this site or, the use of cookies allows Zebronics to continue to improve the sites. We use cookies and/or web beacons to tell us how you found our site, which parts of the site you liked the most and the way you accessed the various pages on the site. This information is generally only used in aggregated form and as part of statistics about overall user activity, however if you register for access to certain parts of this site or one of our other sites, we may be able to link the general information about your browsing with your username or email address, or with any information you input into one of our web forms or other interactive content. We will only link this information to your user name or email address for the purpose of understanding how users access the site and for improving the layout and site content. As part of this, Zebronics (India) Pvt Ltd may use Google Analytics, and set cookies and/or use web beacons for use by this software. The information gathered by the Google Analytics software (including any personal data about you) will be sent to Google where it will be stored and used by Google in accordance with its Privacy Policy. Please review the Google Privacy Policy or contact Google for more information. 

**SECURITY**

When you place an order online, your personal information and credit card information are encrypted using SSL encryption technology before being sent over the Internet, making it virtually impossible for your information to be stolen or intercepted while being transferred to bankers website. 

**LEGAL REQUESTS**

We co-operate with law enforcement inquiries, as well as other third parties to enforce laws, such as: intellectual property rights, fraud and other rights, to help protect you and the community from bad actors. Therefore, in response to a verified request by law enforcement or other government officials relating to a criminal investigation or alleged illegal activity, we can (and you authorize us to) disclose your name, city, state, telephone number, email address, User ID history, fraud complaints, and bidding and listing history without a subpoena. Without limiting the above, in an effort to respect your privacy and our ability to keep the community free from bad actors, we will not otherwise disclose your personal information to law enforcement or other government officials without a subpoena, court order or substantially similar legal procedure, except when we believe in good faith that the disclosure of information is necessary to prevent imminent physical harm or financial loss; or report suspected illegal activity. Further, we can (and you authorize us to) disclose your name, street address, city, state, zip code, country, phone number, email, and company name to Intellectual Property right's owners under confidentiality agreement, as we in our sole discretion believe necessary or appropriate in connection with an investigation of fraud, intellectual property infringement, piracy, or other unlawful activity.

Due to the existing regulatory environment, we cannot ensure that all of your private communications and other personal information will never be disclosed in ways not otherwise described in this Privacy Policy. By way of example (without limiting the foregoing), we may be forced to disclose personal information to the government or third parties under certain circumstances, third parties may unlawfully intercept or access transmissions or private communications, or users may abuse or misuse your personal information that they collect from the Site. Therefore, although we use industry standard practices to protect your privacy, we do not promise, and you should not expect, that your personal information or private communications will always remain private. 

**FEEDBACK**

At ZEBRONICS, we welcome your questions and comments regarding our privacy policy. You may contact at webmaster@zebronics.com
