> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the vitamintalent.com privacy policy that was archived on 2018-10-22. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20181022040331id_/https%3A//vitamintalent.com/privacy-policy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy Policy | Vitamin T

**Participation in Privacy shield.** Aquent is committed to safeguarding the privacy of its employees, applicants, clients, and user of its website.  Aquent complies with Privacy Shield Frameworks as set forth by the US Department of Commerce regarding the collection, use and retention of personal information from Switzerland and European Union member countries.  Aquent has certified that it adheres to the Privacy Shield Principles of Notice, Choice, Accountability for Onward Transfer, Security, Data Integrity and Purpose Limitation, Access, Recourse Enforcement and Liability.  If there is a conflict between this policy and the Privacy Shield Principles, the Privacy Shield Principles shall govern.    This Policy outlines our general policy and practices for implementing the Principles. To learn more about Privacy Shield and to view Aquent’s certification please visit <https://www.privacyshield.gov/list>.

  * The types of data we are collecting under the EU-US Privacy Shield and Swiss-U.S. Privacy Shield Framework the purposes for which each such type of data is being collected and used, and the types of third parties to which we may disclose such information (and the purposes of such disclosure) are set forth in this Privacy Policy. 
  * Please note that we may be required to disclose your personal information in response to a lawful request by public authorities, including to meet national security or law enforcement requirements. 
  * You have rights, as set forth in this Privacy Policy, to access, edit and have deleted your personal information.  The choices and means offered you for limiting use and disclosure of your personal information are set forth in this Privacy Policy. 
  * Notwithstanding any language to the contrary in this Privacy Policy, in cases of onward transfer to third parties of personal information of EU or Swiss individuals received pursuant to the EU-US Privacy Shield or Swiss-U.S. Privacy Shield, Aquent is potentially liable. 



The Aquent Privacy Policy applies to:

  1. The following websites:  Aquent.com, my.aquent.com, thegymnasium.com, vitamintalent.com, aquentstudios.com, robohead.net, majortom.net (the “Aquent Websites”) 
  2. all individuals who provide Personal Data, such as clients, applicants, employees, business partners, registered users of the Aquent Websites and others; 
  3. all locations where Aquent operates, even where local regulations do not exist; and 
  4. all methods of contact, including in person, written, via the internet, direct mail, telephone or facsimile. 



**Third Party Websites.** Aquent may provide links to the websites of a limited number of third parties. This Privacy Policy applies to the Aquent websites, not to third party websites. Aquent is not responsible for the content, reliability, security, or privacy practices of these third-party websites

**Type of data collected.** In the course of conducting its business and to comply with government regulations, Aquent collects certain Personal Data.  Personal Data is information related to an identified or identifiable person. Names, home addresses, email addresses, credit card information, personnel file and benefits information are all examples of Personal Data Aquent collects.

**Use of collected data.**  Aquent uses this information for the purpose of identifying individuals personally, communicating with them, finding employees and applicants for temporary positions with our clients, informing individuals of our services in which they might be interested, sending individuals information regarding Aquent, its affiliated companies and partners (such as promotions and events), and for billing and payment. In the case of Aquent Employees Aquent also uses the information for the purpose of complying with human resource requirements, complying with government regulations and providing employee benefits.  Aquent may request employees, applicants, customers and registered users of the Aquent Websites to complete questionnaires or surveys regarding their experience with Aquent or their use of the websites. Responses are used by Aquent solely to assist it in improving services or the navigation features and functionality of the websites. Participation in such surveys is voluntary.

**Cookies.** Certain additional information also is collected from users of this website in an aggregate form and used solely in connection with improving the performance and responsiveness of our services and website. This information includes a user’s originating domain, time of visit, connection speed, domain names, and Internet service provider. This information is not personally identifiable information and Aquent makes no attempt to correlate such information to an individual user.

Cookies are used to collect these data. Cookies are small sets of bytes that we place on the device you use to access our websites and services. These cookies collect data to help us personalize, secure, and improve the performance of our websites and services. Most internet browsers permit a user to accept, decline or delete cookies. You can control the use of cookies at the individual browser level but if you choose to disable cookies, it may limit your use of certain features or functions on our websites.  Click here for more detail on the cookies that we use.

**How we protect your data.** Aquent takes reasonable security measures such as password protections, encryption, physical lock and other precautions as we deem appropriate to protect the information it collects from loss, misuse and unauthorized access, disclosure, alteration and destruction.  Employees authorized to access Personal Data of others are required to take the appropriate safeguards to protect the Personal Data.  Some information gathered on the Aquent websites is encrypted and protected with secure socket layer (SSL) encryption. Where Aquent deems encryption unnecessary, website users are so informed. Only the individual user and Aquent personnel (solely on a need-to-know basis) have access to such information. All information collected from website users by Aquent is stored on servers hosted in a physically secure environment.   However, Users should keep in mind that the website and the Aquent services are run on software, hardware, and networks, any component of which may from time to time require maintenance or experience problems or breaches of security.  Website users are required to keep their Aquent passwords confidential. Aquent is not responsible for misuse of passwords. Users should advise Aquent immediately if they believe their passwords have been compromised.

Questions about the security of the website should be directed to [questions@aquent.com](mailto:questions@aquent.com)

**Disclosure of Personal Information.** All information collected by Aquent is collected, stored, and processed in commercial data processing facilities in the United States, this allows Aquent to provide applicants with access to opportunities around the globe, and to improve Aquent’s ability to withstand individual system failures. Aquent may from time to time transfer Personal Data within and between its various worldwide locations in the normal course of business; therefore Personal Data may be transferred to any country in the world, subject to this Policy and applicable laws.  
Except as otherwise stated in this Privacy Policy, we do not disclose to or share your personal information with third parties, unless you ask or authorize us to do so. We do not sell, rent or otherwise provide your personally identifiable information to any third parties

**Aquent may disclose Personal Data as follows:**

  * **Third Party Service Providers:** Aquent may from time to time, outsource some or all of the operations of our business to third-party service providers. Entities with which Aquent partners for special projects or initiatives are provided with the minimum amount of information needed for the purpose of accomplishing their tasks and we restrict how such service providers may access, use and disclose your data. 
  * **Agents:** Aquent works with other companies and individuals to perform functions on its behalf. Examples include processing compensation, providing employee benefits, and performing legal and other professional services. These agents have access to Personal Data needed to perform their functions, but they are contractually bound to restrict their use to the purposes for which they have been retained by Aquent.
  * **Business Transfers:** In the event that Aquent sells or buys any business or assets, Aquent may disclose Personal Data to the prospective seller or buyer of such business or assets, and Personal Data may be among the assess transferred.  You consent and agree that such data sharing and transfers may occur and that any acquirer of such assets may continue to use your Personal Data as set forth in this Privacy Policy. 
  * **Legal Investigations and requests:** Aquent may disclose Personal Data to law enforcement agencies or other governmental agencies when required to do so or when Aquent in good faith believes it is necessary in order to comply with legal obligations. 
  * **Protection of Aquent and others:** Aquent may release data when we believe release is appropriate to enforce or apply our policies and other agreements, or protect the rights, property or safety of Aquent, our employees, or others. This does not include selling, renting, sharing or otherwise disclosing Personal Data for commercial purposes in violation of the commitments set forth in this Privacy Policy. 



In disclosing Personal Data in any of the circumstances described above, Aquent may need to send Personal Data outside the European Economic Area to a country whose laws may not provide adequate levels of protection to Personal Data. By submitting Personal Data to Aquent via and by using the Websites and Aquent services, individuals submitting such data are giving consent to the use of their Personal Data in the manner described in this Privacy Policy and to the transfer of Personal Data outside the European Economic Area (“EEA”) to a country or territory whose laws may not provide adequate levels of protection to Personal Data.

**Choice.** You can always choose not to provide personal information, although you may be prevented from using all or portions of the websites or our services by making that choice.  You can opt out of our promotional or marketing emails at any time by clicking the unsubscribe link at the bottom of any such promotional or marketing email or by sending an email indicating your desire to opt out of such future promotional or marketing emails to [unsubscribe@aquent.com](mailto:unsubscribe@aquent.com).  You cannot opt out of administrative or transactional emails.

When hiring employees Aquent must collect and transfer Personal Data in order to comply with statutes, rules and regulations pertaining to employment. It is necessary for Aquent to collect, store and in some cases transfer personal data to third parties such as payroll service companies, health insurance organizations or government agencies as required by law. Any such transfers will be solely for the purposes of fulfilling Aquent’s obligations to its employees, such as payroll and insurance. Concerned individuals may withhold consent to such transfers and will be informed of the impact such opt-out will have on their employment within Aquent (ex. inability to process benefits or payroll data in a timely or appropriate fashion).

**Data Integrity.** We encourage you to promptly update Personal Data previously provided to us if it changes so that Aquent can maintain accurate data about you. You may contact Aquent to update the content and accuracy of your information. Registered users of the Aquent website have access to their individual information and may update or correct it at any time. Although you may change your data, Aquent may retain in backup or inactive files containing the uncorrected or outdated data. Such data may be retained for several reasons, including backups for disaster recovery planning, dispute resolution purposes, troubleshooting, and enforcement of agreements. Therefore, you should not expect that all of your historical data will be removed from our databases at the time you notify us of changes. Aquent reserves the right to correct Personal Data to make it current and consistent with data directly provided by you -- for example, when you update your address on your resume but not elsewhere.  

**Recourse, Enforcement Liability.** In compliance with the EU-US Privacy Shield and Swiss-U.S. Privacy Shield Principles, Aquent commits to resolve complaints about your privacy and our collection or use of your personal information. European Union and Swiss citizens with inquiries or complaints regarding this privacy policy should first contact Aquent at:

Aquent LLC  
Attention: Privacy Complaints  
501 Boylston Street  
Boston MA 02116  
Email:  [privacy@aquent.com](mailto:privacy@aquent.com)

If a complaint or dispute cannot be resolved through Aquent’s internal process, Aquent has committed to refer such unresolved privacy complaints under the EU-US Privacy Shield and Swiss-U.S. Privacy Shield Principles, to an EU or Swiss Data Protection Authorities and to participate in the dispute resolution procedures of the panel established by the Data Protection authorities.  

If your dispute or can’t be resolved through use of the above referenced independent recourse mechanisms, you may have the right to require that Aquent enter into binding arbitration with you pursuant to the Privacy Shield’s Recourse, Enforcement, and Liability Principle and Annex 1 of the Privacy Shield.

**Regulatory Oversight.** Aquent is subject to the investigatory and enforcement powers of the United States Federal Trade Commission.

**Changes to this Privacy Policy.** Aquent may update this Privacy Policy from time to time by posting a new version on our website. You should visit this page occasionally to ensure you agree with any changes.  Aquent will post our revised Privacy Policy on our website and update the effective date above to reflect the date of the changes.
