> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the vitamix.com privacy policy that was archived on 2016-03-14. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20160314084203id_/https%3A//www.vitamix.com/Privacy-Policy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy Policy | Vitamix

* ### What are Cookies?

ookies are small files that are sent to and stored in your computer by the websites you visit. Cookies are stored in your browser’s file directory. Cookies may be stored only for the time you are in a given site, called a session cookie, or they may remain stored in your browser for a defined period of time beyond your current session, known as a persistent cookie. Cookies work in combination with content within the website itself, to capture and remember information. Cookies do not carry viruses or install malware.To learn more about these technologies and how they work, please see [www.allaboutcookies.org](http://www.allaboutcookies.org/).

* ### Understanding why Vitamix uses cookies.

Vitamix uses cookies on our website to distinguish you from other users of our website. This improves your overall experience when using our website and ensures site functionality and performance. The Vitamix Cookie Policy should be read in conjunction with the Vitamix Privacy Policy governing use of our website. By continuing to browse our website, you consent to our use of cookies.

* ### How does Vitamix use cookies?

We use cookies to track our customer’s usage of Vitamix’s website and to understand customer preferences (such as country and language choices). We also use cookies to provide us with aggregate data about site traffic and site interaction, to identify trends and obtain statistics so that we can offer better site experiences and tools in the future. Cookies on Vitamix’s website fall into four main categories:

  * **Strictly Necessary:** These cookies are essential for running our website and are key to providing you with a seamless site experience. These include cookies that allow you to be remembered as you explore the site within a single session or, if you request, from session to session. They help make the shopping cart and checkout process run smoothly, as well as assist in security issues and conforming to regulations.

  * **Functional and Performance:** These analytic cookies allow us to improve the website’s functionality by anonymously tracking usage. We do analytical profiling to understand unique users reading a particular article to identify what is popular. We also look at where content is accessed so we know how to arrange our site for optimal user experience. In some cases, these cookies improve the speed with which we can process your request, allow us to remember site preferences you've selected, and help connect you to your social networks. We count clicks on “Like” and “Tweet” plugins and what content from our sites was shared or referenced De-selecting these cookies may result in poorly-tailored recommendations and slow site performance. You also may not be able to share effectively with Facebook, Twitter, or other social networks. We also examine what type of reference was used to reach our sites, such as an email campaign or a link from a referral site, so we can estimate the effectiveness of our promotions and advertising campaigns.

  * **Personalization:** These cookies help make the content as personalized as possible, for example by showing you targeted banners and relevant recommendations of Vitamix products.

  * **Advertising:** These cookies collect information to help better tailor advertising to your interests, both within and beyond the Vitamix website. The data collected is Non-Personally Identifiable Information and does not identify you as a specific individual. De-selecting these cookies may result in seeing advertising that is not as relevant to you.



* ### How can I change my cookie settings?

You can choose to have your computer warn you each time a cookie is being sent, or you can choose to turn off all cookies. You can review the options available to manage cookies in your browser. Different browsers use different ways to disable cookies, but they are usually found under a Tools, Options or Help menu. If you turn cookies off, you may not be able to browse this website. If you delete your cookies from the browser, you may need to remember to re-install opt-out cookies. To find out more about cookies, including how to see which cookies have been set and how to manage and delete them, visit [www.allaboutcookies.org](http://www.allaboutcookies.org/).

* ### “Sharing” tools on Vitamix webpages.

Vitamix webpages contain embedded “share” buttons to enable users of the site to share content with friends through social networking sites, such as Facebook and Twitter. These third-party websites may set a cookie when you are logged-in to their respective service. Vitamix does not control the setting of cookies from these third-party websites. Please check the third-party websites for more information about their cookies and how to manage them.

This Privacy Policy (this "Policy") discloses the privacy practices for Vita-Mix Corporation (“Vitamix”, "us" or "we") with respect to its websites and various related services (collectively, the "Site"). We are committed to protecting your privacy when you visit and use our Site. Please read the information below to learn about the information collected in connection with your use of this Site and how it is used. You acknowledge that this Policy is part of our Site’s Terms of Use, and by accessing or using our Site, you agree to be bound by all of its terms and conditions. If you do not agree to these terms, please do not use this Site. We reserve the right to change this Policy at any time. Such changes, modifications, additions or deletions shall be effective immediately upon notice thereof, which will be given by issuing an email to the email address listed by registered users and posting the revised Policy on this page. You acknowledge and agree that it is your responsibility to maintain a valid email address as a registered user, review this Site and this Policy periodically and to be aware of any modifications. Your continued use of the Site after such modifications will constitute your: (a) acknowledgment of the modified Policy; and (b) agreement to abide and be bound by the modified Policy.

* ### Types of Information Collected.

The type of information we collect depends on how you use this Site. We collect two types of information about our users: Personally Identifiable Information you provide to us voluntarily and Non-Personally Identifiable Information. 

  * **Personally Identifiable Information:** refers to information that lets us know the specifics of who you are. You may voluntarily provide certain Personally Identifiable Information to us when you (a) register with us for an ecommerce store account, register your product, register your email address with us, or opt-in to receive newsletters; (b) enter sweepstakes or contests sponsored by us; (c) sign up for special offers from select third parties; (d) send email messages or feedback, submit forms or transmit other information by email; (e) submit your credit card or other payment information when ordering and purchasing products and services on our Site; or (f) complete a survey. It is completely optional for you to engage in these activities. If you elect to engage in these activities, however, we may ask that you provide us personal information, such as your first and last name, mailing address (including zip code), email address, telephone and facsimile numbers, credit card type and number, credit card security code, and other personal identifying information. Depending upon the activity, some of the information we ask you to provide is identified as mandatory and some as voluntary. If you do not provide the mandatory data with respect to a particular activity, you will not be able to engage in that activity.

  * **Non-Personally Identifiable Information:** refers to information that does not by itself identify you as a specific individual. We may collect certain non-personally identifiable information about you based upon how you search and shop through our Site, including which pages you view and products you order while visiting our Site. For system administration and statistical analysis purposes, this information is compiled and analyzed on both a personal and an aggregated basis. This information may include the Web Site's Uniform Resource Locator ("URL") that you just came from, which URL you next go to, general geographic location, device type, what browser you are using, Internet service provider, date/time of visit information, operating system, and your Internet Protocol ("IP") address, which tells us the country and state you are searching our Site from. A URL is the global address of documents and other resources on the World Wide Web.



* ### Collection Methods and Use of Information.

We do not collect any Personally Identifiable Information about you unless you voluntarily provide it to us when asked on our Site. You will have the chance to review the information you submit before completing any order, entry form or registration form. We limit the use of any Personally Identifiable Information on file to the purposes for which we intend to use it, as set forth in this Policy. We take reasonable steps to ensure that Personally Identifiable Information is reliable for its intended use, accurate, complete, and current; however, it is your responsibility to provide us with accurate data. We use your Personally Identifiable Information to provide our services to you as required by our agreements with you, to resolve disputes and to enforce our agreements with you, including our Site Terms of Use and this Policy. We may also use your Personally Identifiable Information to provide you with a more efficient and customized educational and shopping experience, process your orders, improve our marketing and promotional efforts, statistically analyze Site use, improve our product and service offerings, and enhance our Site's content, layout, and services. We may contact you regarding administrative notices and/or send you occasional emails or regular mail regarding our products, services, special offers and upcoming events that may be of interest to you. If you do not wish to receive this information, please click on the "Unsubscribe" link shown on our emails and electronic newsletters to you or contact us at the address or telephone number listed below and we will remove your name from our mailing lists. We also collect, or enlist a third party service provider to collect, store, process and manage certain Non-Personally Identifiable Information. We use your Non-Personally Identifiable Information to diagnose problems with our servers and software, administer our Site, connect you to the correct e-commerce store for your country and gather and analyze demographic and other statistical information. Our third party service providers may also provide us with summary, but not individual, reports that will tell us how our Site is being used. We may also share such aggregate statistical and demographic information with select third parties, such as our advertisers; however, these reports do not contain any Personally Identifiable Information.

* ### Release of Information.

We do not sell any of your Personal Identifiable Information, including your name, mailing address or email address, to any companies. We do provide some of our services through contractual arrangements with affiliates, services providers and other third parties that require us to share your Personal Identifiable Information to them in order to deliver those services. For example, we must release your credit card information to the card-issuing bank to confirm payment for products and services purchased on this Site; release your address information to the delivery service to deliver products that you ordered; and provide order information to third parties that help us provide customer service. We encourage our service providers to adopt and post privacy policies. However, the use of your Personally Identifiable Information by our service providers is governed by their privacy policies and is not subject to our control. Occasionally we may be required by law enforcement or judicial authorities to provide Personally Identifiable Information to the appropriate governmental authorities. We will disclose Personally Identifiable Information upon receipt of a court order, subpoena, warrant, or other legal process to the extent necessary to meet legal, national security, public interest, or law enforcement obligations. We fully cooperate with law enforcement agencies in identifying those who use our services for illegal activities. We reserve the right to report to law enforcement agencies any activities that we in good faith believe to be unlawful. Additionally, since Vitamix’s business and operations are international, Vitamix may centralize certain elements of its management and information processing. Accordingly, Vitamix may transfer or provide your personal data to its subsidiaries, affiliates, or third parties both in and outside of the nation where you reside.

* ### Access to Information.

You may access your personal information and correct, amend, or delete any of the personal information you have provided to us on this Site by clicking on "My Account", or you may change preferences by clicking on the "Update Profile" link attached to our emails and electronic newsletters, or by writing us at: Vita-Mix Corporation, 8615 Usher Road, Cleveland, Ohio 44138, Attn: Order Entry or by calling us directly at 1-800-848-2649. Please include your name, address, and/or email address when you contact us. We will only keep your Personally Identifiable Information as long as we need it for the reasons it was originally collected from you. When we no longer need your Personally Identifiable Information for our purposes, we will destroy, delete or erase that information or convert it into an anonymous form in accordance with our standard data retention and destruction policies. You may ask to have the information on your account deleted or removed; however, because we keep track of past transactions, you cannot delete information associated with past transactions on this Site. In addition, it may be impossible to completely delete your information without some residual information because of backups. It is possible that you may be denied access to your personal information. For instance, access can be denied when: giving one person access would compromise others’ privacy rights; disclosure is likely to interfere with the safeguarding of national security, defense, or public security; and disclosure could interfere with law enforcement or legal actions. These are only examples, access may be denied in other situations in compliance with applicable laws.

* ### Security of Information.

At our Site you can be assured that Vitamix will take reasonable steps to protect your Personally Identifiable Information in our possession from loss, misuse, unauthorized access, disclosure, alteration, and destruction. The importance of security for all Personally Identifiable Information associated with our customers is of utmost concern to us. Your Personally Identifiable Information is protected in several ways. We encrypt your Personally Identifiable Information and thereby prevent unauthorized parties from viewing such information when it is transmitted to us. In addition, your Personally Identifiable Information resides on servers located in a controlled, secured environment that only authorized personnel have access to. Unfortunately, no data transmission over the Internet or any wireless network can be guaranteed to be 100% secure. As a result, while we strive to protect your Personally Identifiable Information, you acknowledge that: (a) there are security and privacy limitations of the Internet which are beyond our control; (b) the security, integrity and privacy of any and all information and data exchanged between you and us through this Site cannot be guaranteed; and (c) any such information and data may be viewed or tampered with in transit by a third party.

* ### Links to and Privacy Policies of Third Party Sites.

This Policy only applies to information collected from this Site by Vitamix. Once you click on a link to another website ("Linked Site"), you are no longer on this Site. This Policy does not apply to the content or privacy practices of any Linked Site. We encourage you to read the privacy statements of each and every website or Linked Site that collects Personally Identifiable Information. You should contact advertisers, other websites or Linked Sites directly if you have any questions about their privacy policies or their use of the information they collect.

* ### Do Not Track.

When you visit a website (such as Vitamix’s Site), your browser automatically shares certain information with that website, such as your IP address and other device information. Some of this information may also be sent to third-party content providers (for example: advertisers, website analytic companies, etc.) that provide content on the website. Such sharing may allow the website and/or content providers to track you over time and across multiple websites. Today, many browsers offer Do Not Track plugins that allow you to express a preference that you not be tracked, and that tell websites that you visit, by sending an electronic beacon, this preference. At this time, Vitamix’s Site does not respond to Do Not Track beacons sent by browser plugins.

* ### Miscellaneous Privacy Issues.

  * **Public Postings.** You should also be aware that when Personally Identifiable Information is voluntarily disclosed (i.e. your name, email address, etc.) in any public areas on this Site, that information, along with any information disclosed in your communication, can be collected and used by third parties and may result in unsolicited messages from third parties. Such activities are beyond our control and this Policy does not apply to such information. Any submissions to public areas on this Site are accepted with the understanding that they are accessible to all third parties. If you do not want your comments to be viewed by third parties, you are advised not to make any public submissions.

  * **User Registration and Password.** Ultimately, you are solely responsible for maintaining the secrecy of your password and/or account information. To ensure the effectiveness of your password, we recommend that you do not disclose your user identification or password to anyone. Please be careful and responsible whenever you are online.



* ### Business Transfer or Sale.

Our business is growing. We may buy or sell all or part of our business or the business of a third party. All or part of your personal information may be transferred to a new business or owner as a result of such transactions, however, your personal information will continue to be protected by any pre-existing Privacy Policy of Vita-Mix Corporation, unless you agree otherwise.

* ### Opting-out.

Even after you have consented to our collection and use of your Personally Identifiable Information, you may opt-out of having your personal data collected or used by us by contacting us via one of the methods described in the section below. You also have the right to opt-out of having your personal data disclosed to an independent third party or used from some reason other than why originally collected.

* ### Contact Information.

If you have any questions about this Policy or if you believe that your personal data has been processed or disclosed in violation of this Policy, please contact us by sending a letter to:

Vita-Mix Corporation   
8615 Usher Road   
Cleveland, Ohio 44138   
Attn: Customer Service

You may also contact us by email at [service@vitamix.com](mailto:service@vitamix.com), by telephone at 1-800-848-2649, or by facsimile at 440-235-3726.

We will investigate and attempt to resolve any complaints and disputes regarding use and disclosure of personal data.
