> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the aniroleplay.com privacy policy that was archived on 2013-04-12. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20130412064735id_/http%3A//www.aniroleplay.com/privacy_policy.php) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# AniRoleplay.com | A Social Network for Anime Roleplayers

|  **  Privacy Policy**  
---  
**AniRoleplay.com Privacy Policy** Updated: March 20, 2012 ClearVista, LLC (hereinafter “ClearVista”) has adopted this Privacy Policy (hereinafter “Privacy Policy”) to provide you with notice of its collection, use, and disclosure of personal and personally identifiable information through your use of the AniRoleplay.com website and its associated content (hereinafter “Website”). You understand and agree that ClearVista may modify, amend, replace, or suspend this Privacy Policy at any time and in its sole discretion. In the event ClearVista modifies, amends, or replaces its Privacy Policy, the Effective Date, located above, will change. Your use of the Website after a modification, amendment, or replacement of this Privacy Policy constitutes your manifestation of assent to said modification, amendment, or replacement. **Information Collected**  
ClearVista may collect personal or personally identifiable information from you through your use of the Website, which may include but is not limited to your first name, last name, address, email address, date of birth, country, website URL, IP address, geographical location, comments, links, posts, threads, feedback, reviews, photographs, interests, preferences, and any other information that you voluntarily submit to the Website (collectively Personal Information). ClearVista may collect Personal Information from you through various channels, including but not limited to through your voluntary submission of information to the Website, through the collection and analysis of information concerning your computer and browsing activities, through the use of cookies, web beacons, and pixel tags, and through other sources permitted by law. **Compliance with Child Online Privacy Protection Act**  
ClearVista will not knowingly collect, use, or transfer personal or personally identifiable information from children under the age of 13\. To ensure its compliance with the Child Online Privacy Protection Act, ClearVista has restricted access to its website to children under the age of 13. **Use of Personal Information**  
You understand and agree that your Personal Information may be used to communicate with you, to provide you with services and support, to respond to requests initiated at your volition, to make changes to or perform maintenance on the Website, or to tailor the Website to your preferences. By providing any Personal Information to ClearVista, you understand and agree that ClearVista will collect and process your Personal Information in the United States; you provide your unequivocal consent to the collection and processing of your Personal Information in the United States. ClearVista may share your Personal Information: (1) with third parties where it has obtained your consent; (2) with third party service providers to provide you with services initiated at your request; (3) with ClearVista’s parents, subsidiaries, successors, and assigns; and (4) with ClearVista’s business partners who offer services through or in association with the Website. Except where otherwise stated, ClearVista will not sell, rent, transfer, or lease your Personal Information to any third party, except to comply with a duly authorized subpoena, to comply with an applicable law or regulation, to help prevent against fraud, or to protect ClearVista, its employees, its property, or third parties on ClearVista’s property. ClearVista may, from time to time, purchase or sell a business unit or subsidiary. In the event that ClearVista purchases or sells a business unit or subsidiary, your Personal Information will continue to be used consistent with this Privacy Policy. ClearVista may use your email address, however obtained, to provide you with user notifications, site promotions, site changes, and to update you on the goods or services of ClearVista. ClearVista may provide you with the ability to create a Member Account. In the event ClearVista provides you with a Member Account, you will have the ability to edit and update your Personal Information through your Member Account control panel. In the event you wish to cancel or delete your Member Account, you may do so within your Member Account control panel. ClearVista will not share your Member Account information with a third party unless otherwise provided for under this Privacy Policy or its associated Terms of Use Agreement. You understand and agree that ClearVista is not responsible for communications from entities that ClearVista does not own or control. **Protection of Personal Information**  
ClearVista protects all Member Account pages with commercially standard and commercially reasonable encryption to ensure, to the extent possible, that your Personal Information is protected from disclosure. All Member Accounts issued through ClearVista must be accessed with a username and password. You are advised not to share your username or password, or any other Personal Information, with any third party. Though ClearVista undertakes commercially reasonable efforts to ensure the privacy and security of your Personal Information, ClearVista cannot guarantee that its Website will be completely secure. You understand and agree that you provide your Personal Information to ClearVista at your own risk. ClearVista works to ensure that your Personal Information is accurate, current, and complete. You understand and agree that you have an ongoing duty to ensure that your Personal Information is accurate, current, and complete. You agree to update your Personal information as changes arise and to update your Member Account to reflect any such changes. **Use of Cookies and Other Tracking Techniques**  
ClearVista may collect Personal Information from you through the storage of data files on your computer called “cookies.” These cookies allow the Website to recognize your computer when you revisit the Website. Additionally, ClearVista may collect Personal Information from you through the use of “session cookies,” which help ClearVista track the pages that you visit during a single use of the Website to ensure that users are not required to re-enter their usernames and passwords upon accessing each page of the Website. These session cookies will expire once you leave the Website. Your web browser may provide you with the ability to block or limit cookies. If you object to ClearVista’s use of cookies, you are advised to adjust your web browser’s settings accordingly. ClearVista or its advertisers may also collect Personal Information from you through the use of pixel tags, web beacons, or other tracking techniques. This Personal Information may be used for advertising purposes, whether contextual or otherwise, and may be shared with ClearVista’s advertisers to provide its advertisers with information on the demographics or preferences of the Website’s users. ClearVista uses third-party advertising companies to serve ads when you visit the Website. These companies may use information (not including your name, address, email address or telephone number) about your visits to this and other Web sites in order to provide advertisements about goods and services of interest to you. If you would like more information about this practice and to know your choices about not having this information used by these companies, [click here](http://networkadvertising.org/). **DoubleClick DART Cookie**  
\- Google, as a third party vendor, uses cookies to serve ads on AniRoleplay.com.  
\- Google's use of the DART cookie enables it to serve ads to users based on their visit to AniRoleplay.com and other sites on the Internet.   
\- Users may opt out of the use of the DART cookie by visiting the Google ad and content network privacy policy at the following URL - http://www.google.com/privacy_ads.html **Opt-Out**  
In the event ClearVista allows you to create a Member Account, you will have the opportunity to update components of your Personal Information. You may opt-out of ClearVista’s collection of your Personal Information by deleting your Member Account and by ceasing your use of the Website. **Protection and Storage of Personal Information**  
ClearVista undertakes commercially reasonable procedures to help protect your Personal Information from disclosure. Though ClearVista takes the security of your Personal Information very seriously, ClearVista cannot guarantee that its servers and Website are completely secure. ClearVista uses commercially reasonable efforts to protect your Personal Information, but you provide any and all Personal Information at your own risk. **California Privacy Rights**  
California residents have the right to receive information that identifies any third party companies or individuals that ClearVista has shared your Personal Information with in the previous calendar year, as well as a description of the categories of Personal Information disclosed to that third party. You may obtain this information once a year and free of charge by contacting ClearVista at privacy@ClearVista.com. **Contact and Notices**  
All questions and concerns regarding this Privacy Policy may be directed to ClearVista, LLC by emailing privacy@ClearVista.com   
  

