> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the aniview.com privacy policy that was archived on 2017-06-27. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20170627083935id_/http%3A//www.aniview.com/privacy-policy.html) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy Policy · ANIVIEW

Aniview Inc. (“ **Aniview** ", " **Company** ", “ **we** ” or " **us** ") executes agreements with its publishers (" **Publishers** "), under which Publishers receive access to Aniview's marketplace, Ad Server and/or AVPlayer (the " **Service(s)** "), allowing such Publishers to display third party ads on the Publisher's properties (the " **Properties** "). Our Publishers have committed, _inter alia_ , to receive any required consents under any applicable privacy laws from the end users of their Properties (the " **End-User(s)** ") for the collection, use and disclosure of their information as specified herein (" **End-User Data** ", as further detailed below). To the extent you are a Publisher, this Privacy Policy imposes certain requirements on you as a Publisher when using the Services. To the extent you are an End-User, this Privacy Policy provides information regarding Aniview's privacy practices, including details with respect to the information that may be collected about you during your use of the Publisher's Properties. Please be advised that we require our Publishers to post on their Properties a privacy policy which, _inter alia_ , discloses the data collection and usage of End-User Data which is generated during the use of our Services. 

### 1\. Which End-User Data we may collect?

In order to provide Publishers with our Services and serve ads to Publisher's Properties, and in order to constantly improve our Services, we and our authorized third party advertisers may collect, use and disclose certain data related to End-Users of the Publisher's Properties. " **End-User Data** " consists of the following types of information: 

a. The first type of information is non-identifiable and anonymous information (“ **Non-personal Information** ”). Non-personal Information is any unconcealed information which does not enable identification of an individual End-User. Non-personal Information is available to us and may be available to our authorized third party advertisers while End-Users are accessing or using the Properties. Non-personal Information which is being gathered may consist of technical information, behavioral information or aggregated information, and may contain, among other things: technical data, e.g. device type, type of operating system and configuration, browser type, screen resolution, screen density, software version, hardware type, usage patterns and other statistical data, referring pages, the dates and times the End-Users were engaged with the ads in the Properties, etc. 

b. The second type of information is individually identifiable information (“ **Personal Information** ”). **This information may identify an individual or may be of a private and/or sensitive nature.** We and our authorized third party advertisers may collect the following Personal Information: the End-User's IP address, Device ID, geo-location (country, region, city) and/or other behavioral information related to a particular End-User's engagement with ads on the Properties. It should be noted, however, that such information is not used by us in order to personally identify a specific End-User. Instead, we use such Personal Information in a way that indicates that a specific device tends to be used in ways that suggest certain types of ads would be relevant to the device's End-User. 

**For avoidance of doubt, any Non-Personal Information connected or linked to any Personal Information shall be deemed as Personal Information as long as such connection or linkage exists.**

### 2\. How does Aniview collect End-User Data?

We and our authorized third party advertisers may collect End-User Data if the Publisher provides it to us and/or once the Publisher displays on its Properties ads which were delivered by us. The End-User Data may be collected by use of various tracking technologies. When End-Users interact with ad on the Properties which are served through our Services, the advertiser sponsoring the promoted ad may place Technologies (as defined below) on the End-User device, in which case the End-User will be subject to the advertiser privacy policy. A list of our authorized third party advertisers that serve ads through our Services can be provided upon request. We and our authorized third party advertisers may gather, collect and store the information either independently or through the help of our authorized third-party service providers as detailed below. 

### 3\. What are the purposes of the collection of End-User Data?

(i) We and our authorized third party advertisers may use the End-User Data in order to provide the Services to the Publisher, i.e., for the purpose of displaying ads of our third party advertisers on the Publisher's Properties. For example, we will collect Personal Information in order to determine geo-location information from which the End-User is connected to the Internet in order to serve ads through the Service based on such End User's location. 

(ii) We or our third party advertisers may use the web browsing information in order to show the End-User specific ads that we or our advertisers think will be of interest to the End-User. In addition, we and our authorized third party advertisers will collect End-User Data in order to (i) create statistics and other aggregate information and analysis with respect to the Publisher's End User's engagement with ads which are served to the Properties through the Service; (ii) use it for statistical, analytical and research purposes and for customization, developing and improvement of our Services; (iii) for general campaign performance in order to report to our authorized advertisers or SSPs; (iv) to determine the amounts to bid, pay or offer for impressions or units of ad inventory; and/or (v) detect fraudulent activities that occur while End Users are engaging with ads on the Properties. 

IT SHOULD BE NOTED, THAT SUCH END-USER DATA IS NOT USED BY US IN ORDER TO PERSONALLY IDENTIFY A SPECIFIC END-USER. INSTEAD, WE USE SUCH END-USER DATA IN A WAY THAT INDICATES THAT A SPECIFIC DEVICE TENDS TO BE USED IN WAYS THAT SUGGEST CERTAIN TYPES OF ADS WOULD BE RELEVANT TO THE DEVICE'S END-USER. 

### 4\. Sharing information with third parties

In addition to the sharing of information in order to fulfill the purposes mentioned in Section 3 above, Aniview may share the End-User's Personal Information in the following cases: (a) to satisfy any applicable law, regulation, legal process, subpoena or governmental request; (b) to enforce this Privacy Policy, including investigation of potential violations thereof; (c) to detect, prevent, or otherwise address fraud, security or technical issues; (d) to protect the rights, property, or personal safety of Aniview, Publishers, End-Users, or the general public; (e) when Aniview is undergoing any change in control, including by means of merger, acquisition or purchase of all or substantially all of its assets (while such transaction may include a transfer of information to an entity which may be located in a country that does not have the same data protection laws as the End-User's jurisdiction); or (f) to collect, hold and/or manage End-Users' Data (including their Personal Information) through Aniview's authorized third party service providers as reasonable for business purposes, which may be located in a country that does not have the same data protection laws as the End-User's jurisdiction; or (g) pursuant to End-User's explicit approval prior to the disclosure. 

For avoidance of doubt, Aniview may transfer and disclose _Non-Personal Information_ to third parties and use such information for any purpose and at its sole discretion. 

### 5\. Deletion or modification of personal information

Since we usually have no direct relationship with Publisher's individual End-Users and we do not send communications to such End-Users, the Publisher hereby agrees to handle all End-User's requests with respect to deletion and modifications of their information. For example, End-Users who seek access to their Personal Information, or who wish to correct, amend, delete inaccurate information or withdraw consent for further use of their Personal Information should direct their request to the applicable Publisher. Our Publishers are required to make their own privacy policies available to End-Users in order to disclose to End Users such Publisher's privacy practices, including the process of deletion or modification of Personal Information. 

If the Publisher is unable to handle an End User's request to delete and/or modify his/her Personal Information, and only we possess the ability or power to solve the End-User's request or issue, the Publisher should forward that request to us and provide us with the necessary instructions and we will make reasonable efforts to solve the issue pursuant to any applicable privacy laws. 

Unless we are instructed otherwise by the Publisher, we may retain the End-Users' Personal Information for as long as reasonably required for the purposes of which such Personal Information was collected, all as permitted under any applicable privacy laws. Aggregated and/or anonymous data may remain on our servers indefinitely. 

### 6\. Children/minors End-User Data

The Publisher agrees that it will not use the Service in connection with any Properties directed to Minors. The term "Minor" shall mean a Child as such term is defined under the _Children's Online Privacy Protection Act_ of 1998 and the rules promulgated by the Federal Trade Commission (FTC) under that Act, including but not limited to the _Children's Online Privacy Protection Rule_ 16 C.F.R. Part 312 (the " **COPPA** ") or any other under-age individual as defined by applicable children protection legislation in any relevant jurisdiction. The Publisher will (i) notify Aniview in writing of any Properties which are or may be considered as a "Child Property" under the COPPA, and (ii) to the extent required by applicable laws, implement reasonable commercial means within the Properties for identifying Minors when the Properties are not primarily directed at children under such age; all in order to enable Aniview to block collection of information from Minors. If Publisher learns that any information transferred to us via the Service includes Personal Information collected from Minors, the Publisher is hereby requested to inform us immediately and we will delete that information as quickly as possible. 

### 7\. Security

We take reasonable measures to maintain the security and integrity of our Service and End-User Data that we collect and prevent unauthorized access to them or use thereof through generally accepted industry standard technologies and internal procedures. Please note, however, that there are inherent risks in transmission of information over the Internet or other methods of electronic storage and we cannot guarantee that unauthorized access or use will never occur. 

### 8\. Third party service providers

In order to provide our Services and/or fulfill the purposes mentioned in Section 3 above, we may make use of third party service providers in the course of collecting, storing and/or processing the End-User Data. Aniview uses commercially reasonable efforts to engage with third parties that post a privacy policy governing their collection, processing and use of non-personal and personal information. Please note, however, that we do not control such third party service providers. 

### 9\. Tracking technologies

When Publisher's End-Users are engaging with ads that are served to the Properties via the Services, Aniview and/or third party advertisers or SSPs may use industry-wide tracking technologies (e.g., cookies, web beacons, etc.) which store certain information on the Properties (" **Technologies** ") and which allow us or such third parties to collect certain data for the purpose of serving ads through the use of our Services (including without limitation, serving ads that may be of interest to End Users). The Technologies may store non-personal information as well as the user's persistent identifier. In such case, End-Users will be subject to such third party advertisers' privacy policy. 

### 10\. Behavioral advertising

Publishers should notify End Users that our authorized third party advertisers may serve behavioral advertisements to End Users of the Properties. Publishers are required to include a conspicuous mechanism by which their End Users may opt out of such online behavioral advertising. 

As an End User, if you would like to disable or opt out of certain tracking Technologies and/or behavioral advertising, please visit the privacy practices of the applicable third party advertiser (including without limitation, those which can be provided upon request) and follow the opt-out instructions specified therein. 

### 11\. Changes to the Privacy Policy

The terms of this Privacy Policy are in effect as long as the Publishers have access to our Services and as long as ads are served to the Publisher Properties through our Services. Aniview reserves the right to change this Privacy Policy at any time. A notice of substantial changes to the Privacy Policy will be sent to our Publishers. In addition, we will provide notice of substantial changes of this Privacy Policy on the homepage of our website. Such substantial changes will take effect seven (7) days after such notice was provided on our website or sent to our Publishers, whichever is the earlier. Otherwise, all other changes to this Privacy Policy are effective as of the stated “Last Revised” date and the continued use of our Services or the End User's continued engagement with ads on the Properties after the Last Revised date will constitute acceptance of, and agreement to be bound by, those changes. In the event that the terms of this Privacy Policy should be amended to comply with any legal requirements, the amendments may take effect immediately, or as required by the law and without any prior notice. 

### 12\. Forwarding requests and notification to Aniview

Any request or notification that you are obliged to send to us under this Privacy Policy shall be sent to us by e-mail to the following address: [info@aniview.com](https://web.archive.org/web/20170627083935id_/http%3A//www.aniview.com/contact.html) and we will make an effort to respond or take the necessary actions within a reasonable timeframe. 
