> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the pornication.com privacy policy that was archived on 2012-10-22. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20121022191849id_/http%3A//www.pornication.com/template.htm%3Ftid%3Dtac%23policy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# pornication.com - Free sex and live cam girls chat rooms

**Description of services**  
Chargepay B.V., Dokweg27 B, Ymuiden, CA 1976. **("ChargePay")** will provide a unique username to access the site and its content for which you can purchase blocks of time to access performances offered by contracted models depicted on ChargePay websites. This username can be reused to purchase more blocks of time.

**Billing**  
"WWW.CHARGEPAY.NET 514-5278383" will appear on your credit card billing statement for all charges made. No monthly or recurring charges will be made to your credit card. The only charges will be for blocks of time that may be purchased in the main purchase area of the website and/or during a private show.

**Electronic Receipt**  
Users will automatically receive an electronic receipt of each purchase made by ChargePay's websites to the email provided at registration. It is the user's responsibility to provide an accurate email address. Users may request a copy of the account of charges made for the use of the site. Users forego this right if such a request is not made. Requests must be made directly to ChargePay.

**Refunds**  
In the event that the user is technically impeded from using the service purchased, ChargePay will issue a refund. Should a refund be issued by ChargePay, all funds will be credited to the credit card or debit card used in the original transaction only. Refunds will not be issued by cash, check, or to another credit card. In order to make a request for a refund, users must fill in the 'refund request' form located on the help page. 

**Foreign Usage fee**  
The company's bank account is located in the Netherlands and depending on the user's bank and credit card company, an additional fee per transaction may be charged. Generally "foreign usage fee" is about 1 to 2 % of the value of the transaction. For more information on this matter, contact the credit card issuing bank.

**Fraud**  
In the event that any fraudulent claims are made over any a transaction, be advised that the right to lend personal information to a collection agency as a means to retrieve any amount owed to the company is reserved. The right to retrieve credit history is also reserved. A chargeback collection fee of thirty dollars USD per fraudulent transaction will be added to the collection amount.

**Bookmarking**  
Users agree that, at any time, they will not bookmark any page to the site that will allow them to bypass the terms and conditions of the site upon entering. If such a bookmark exists, said bookmark will constitute full agreement to said terms and conditions as well as admission that the user is of the legal age of majority in their state, country or region.

**Authorization of Use**  
Users to the site are hereby authorized a limited, non-exclusive and non-transferable single use license to download material found on the site. This license shall be granted for sole use via one computer. All usernames are provided for personal use and shall not be used for any commercial purposes or by any commercial entities. Chat conversations according to username may be recorded. Commercial use of either the site or any material found within the site is strictly prohibited. No material within the site may be transferred to any other person or entity, whether commercial or non-commercial. In addition, materials may not be modified, or altered. Materials may not be displayed publicly or used for any rental, sale or display. Materials shall extend to copyright, trademarks, and other proprietary notices as indicated to date or in the future. ChargePay and the site reserve the right to terminate this license at any time if these terms and conditions are breached. In the case that the terms and conditions are breached, the user will be required to immediately destroy any information or material printed, downloaded or otherwise copied from the site.

**Recording**  
Users are forbidden to use any software or hardware that would enable them to record, copy or transmit any segment of a live video performance of the contracted models at any time. Users acknowledge that the Webmaster of the site may track through the use of special software each user's entry to the site and reserves the right to monitor instances of recording, copying or transmitting of any part of a performance. Recording, copying or transmitting of any part of a performance may result in immediate termination of the user's account.

**Transfer of Username**  
Access to the site is through a combination of a username and a password ("login"). Users may not under any circumstances release their login to any other person, and are required to keep his or her login strictly confidential. ChargePay will not release passwords for any reason, to anyone other than the user, except as may be specifically required by law or court order. Unauthorized access to the site is a breach of these terms and conditions. 

If any breach of security, theft or loss of login, or unauthorized disclosure of login occurs, users must immediately notify ChargePay or the site of said security breach. Users will remain liable for unauthorized use of service until ChargePay or the site is notified of the security breach by email or telephone. 

**Sanction and Approval of Adult Material**  
This site was designed to be used and viewed solely by people who are at least 18 years of age (21 in territories where this is the age of majority), who wish to access visual images, text, hyperlinks, audio sounds, and verbal descriptions of a sexually oriented and explicitly erotic nature. Materials available within this site may include depictions that are visually graphic in nature and portrayals of nudity or sexual acts, and should not be accessed by anyone who is not at least 18 years of age (21 in territories where this is the age of majority) and/or by anyone who finds such material offensive in nature and/or by anyone who simply does not wish to be exposed to such materials. By registering a username, users hereby warrant and affirm that it is legal to view the images, sounds and descriptions as described above where they are located and are implicitly making the following statements: 

"I affirm and swear that as of this moment, under penalty of perjury, that I am at least 18 years of age (21 in territories where this is the age of majority). I will not permit any persons under the age of 18 years (21 in territories where this is the age of majority) to view or access in any way any materials found on this website. I understand that by accessing this website, I will be exposed to materials that may include but are not limited to, visual images, audio sounds, and verbal descriptions of a sexually oriented and explicitly erotic nature, portrayals of nudity, and sexual acts. I affirm that I am not offended by such materials, and that such materials are legal in my community. I am volunteering to view, hear, and access such materials of my own volition, and I choose to do so because I want to view/read/hear or otherwise access such materials for my own enjoyment, information or entertainment. My choice is a manifestation of my interest in such matters and do not violate the standards held in my community which I expect fall within these standards."

**Cam to Cam options**  
The website permits users to communicate with models via their personal webcam. Users must not allow their webcam to be used by any minor and must not use their webcam to promote hatred, violence, harm, suicide, terrorist acts, insults or defamatory remarks against third parties; advertise other websites or commercial products and services, advertise computer software, pirated music, dvds or information on providing, making or buying weapons; solicit models for personal information, usernames and passwords. Furthermore, users must not use their webcams to display or promote sexually explicit material that is commercial in nature or that exploits people under the age of 18 or the age of majority in their territory that involves bestiality, child pornography or necrophilia.  
Users agree not to use any robot, spider, other automatic device or manual process to monitor or copy content on the web pages nor to bypass or interfere with the proper working of the site.  
Inoveo claims immunity from liability to the fullest extent under the law and as provided under the Communications Decency Act for content provided by users and nothing in these terms and conditions is intended to waive, usurp or remove such immunity. Inoveo reserves the right to remove the Cam to Cam option at any time and to interrupt any Cam to Cam broadcast from users which may violate these terms and conditions.  
Moreover, users understand and agree that the above conditions regarding prohibitive use is non exhaustive and that the use of this option must also comply with the laws of the territory in which the user selects this option.

**Severability**  
If any provision of this Agreement shall be held to be invalid or unenforceable for any reason, the remaining provisions shall continue to be valid and enforceable. If a court finds that any part of this Agreement is invalid or unenforceable, but that by limiting such provisions it would become valid or enforceable, then such provisions shall be deemed to be written, construed, and enforced as so limited.

**Notice**  
Notices by the site to users may be given by means of electronic messages through the site, by a general posting on the site, by email or by conventional mail. Notices by users may be given by electronic messages, conventional mail, telephone or fax unless otherwise specified. All questions, complaints, or notices regarding the site ChargePay must be directed here.   
  
**Security of your Personal Information**  
Chargepay B.V., Dokweg27 B, Ymuiden, CA 1976. **("ChargePay")** is committed to protecting the security of your personal information. We use a variety of security technologies and procedures to help protect your personal information from unauthorized access, use, or disclosure. For example, we store personal information you provide on computer systems with limited access that are located in controlled facilities. When we transmit highly confidential information (such as a credit card number) over the Internet, we protect it through the use of encryption, Secure Socket Layer (SSL) protocol with 128 bit encryption (High).

**Collection of your Personal Information**  
From time to time financial information may be collected such as: information establishing identity (name, address, phone number, date of birth, etc.), personal background; information related to transactions arising from history with the site or company; from other financial institutions; information provided on an application for any of products and services; and information about financial behaviour such as payment history and credit worthiness. This information may be collected and confirmed during the membership and may be obtained from a variety of sources, including personally, from service arrangements made with or through the site or company, from registries, from credit reporting agencies and other financial institutions, from references provided or any other appropriate source.

ChargePay also collects certain information about users' computer hardware and software. This information may include: IP address, browser type, domain names, access times and referring Web site addresses. This information is used by ChargePay for the operation of the service, to maintain quality of the service, and to provide general statistics regarding use of ChargePay services. This information may also be used in preventative fraud screening measures and collections. Please keep in mind that if personal information is directly disclosed through ChargePay via chats or email, that this information may be collected and used by others.   
ChargePay encourages users to review the privacy statements of Web sites linked to ChargePay so to understand how those Web sites collect, use and share information. ChargePayis not responsible for the privacy statements or other content on Web sites outside of the ChargePay family of Web sites.

**Use of your Personal Information**  
ChargePay and its operational service partners collect and use personal information to operate and deliver ChargePay's services requested. ChargePay also uses personal information to inform users of other products and/or services available from ChargePay and its affiliates.

ChargePay does not sell, rent or lease its customer lists to third parties. ChargePay Inoveo may, from time to time, contact users on behalf of external business partners about a particular offer that may be of interest. In those cases, personal information (e-mail, name, address, telephone number) is not transferred to the third party.

In the event that any fraudulent claims are made in relation to transactions, be advised that personal information may be lent to a collection agency as a means to retrieve any amounts owed to the company. A chargeback collection fee of thirty dollars USD per fraudulently claimed transaction will be added to the collection amount. 

**Email Marketing**  
The subscriber's e-mail address may be used by the site to communicate special offers and other relevant information such as new services, subscription information, etc. In addition, there may be occasions when a subscriber will be presented with special offers either from the operators of the site or from third-party service or content providers, which may include consent to receive e-mail solicitations, communications, newsletters, commercial advertising, or other promotional or special event materials. The subscriber may opt-out of a mailing list by clicking on the remove link located at the bottom of the email promotions.
