> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the daad.org privacy policy that was archived on 2017-12-15. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20171215232557id_/https%3A//www.daad.org/en/home/data-privacy-statement) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Data Privacy Statement

Thank you for visiting our website. We take data protection and data security very seriously. Please find below detailed information on what type of personal data we collect when you visit our website, and for what purpose.

Please review this privacy statement on a regular basis since legislative changes or changes in the way we process data internally may require adjustments of this privacy policy from time to time.

### I.    Personal Data

Personal information can be anything that can be used to identify an individual, not limited to but including name, address, telephone number or e-mail address.

Information that cannot to be used to identify a person is not personal data.

### II.    Purpose of Data Processing

In connection with the use of this site, we process your personal data for the following purposes, among others:

  * Provision of services via contact forms
  * Conducting personal and anonymous analyses
  * Statistical analyses
  * to prevent misuse



### III.    Data Collection and Data Processing

You can use a large part of our online offer without disclosing your identity. However, if you register for our newsletter, request publication material or use the contact form to contact us, for example, we will request your first and last name, your e-mail address, your mailing address, among others, and depending on the contact form and requested service, additional personal information.

It is up to you whether to submit this data or not. However, without this information, we cannot or not fully process your request in some cases and thus cannot provide you with the requested service.

### IV.    Newsletter

When you sign up for our newsletter, we will send a confirmation link to the e-mail address specified by you. Only after you have enabled this confirmation link will you receive our newsletter (double opt-in).

We only pass data collected in connection with the newsletter registration to third parties insofar as this is technically necessary for sending out the newsletter.

If you no longer wish to receive the newsletter, you can unsubscribe at any time. To do this, simply click on the "unsubscribe" link available in each of our newsletters. Afterwards, you will receive no further newsletters from us.

### V.    Cookies

Cookies are small text files used to determine the frequency of use and the number of users to our website as well as to make visits to our website easier for you.

Our website uses so-called "Session Cookies". These session cookies are automatically deleted at the end of the session. We also use cookies in connection with the Web Tracking process. See also VI for additional information.

It is also possible to use our website without cookies. Most browsers are pre-set to accept cookies automatically. If you do not wish to save our cookies on your computer, please deactivate this function in your browser for our website, or set your browser so that cookies are generally not stored on your computer.

### VI. Web Tracking

This website uses Google Analytics, a web analytics service provided by Google Inc. (hereinafter referred to as "Google"). Google Analytics uses cookies, which are stored on your computer. This allows an analysis of your use of the website. The information that the cookie generates about your use of this website (including your IP-address) is usually transmitted to and stored on a Google-operated server in the USA. This website uses Google Analytics only with the "_anonymizeIp ()" extension for IP anonymization. Your IP address will be previously shortened within Member States of the European Union or in other States party to the Agreement on the European Economic Area; which prevents it being directly linked to any particular individual. Only in exceptional cases will the full IP address be transmitted to a Google server in the USA and shortened there. Google will use this information on our behalf to evaluate your use of the website, to compile reports on the website activities for us and to provide additional services connected with the use of the website and the internet. You can prevent the installation of cookies by setting your browser software accordingly. Please note, however, that in this case you may not be able to use the full functionality of this website. In addition, you can prevent the processing of the data generated by the cookie (including your IP address) and your use of the website, as well as the processing of this data by Google, by downloading and installing the following browser plug-in:

<http://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout?hl=en>

You can object to Google Analytics’ data collection by clicking on the link below. An opt-out cookie will be set, preventing the future collection of your data when you visit this website:

Deactivate Google Analytics

### VII.    Log Files

During your visit and use of our website, our web server saves certain log information about this process in a file (log file). Log files contain in particular the following information:

  * Opened URLs
  * Time
  * Status
  * Amount of transferred data
  * Internet page the user visited first before visiting the requested page (so called "referrer")
  * HTTP status



We analyse these records only for statistical purposes, to improve the website, for system security reasons (e.g. preventing misuse) and for troubleshooting.

### VIII.    Google Maps

Our site uses Google Maps on some sub-pages to display interactive maps and to create travel directions or instructions. Google Maps is a map service from Google Inc. (Google). The use of Google Maps may result in information about the use of this website, including your IP address and your (start) address you have indicated within the scope of the driving direction/route planner function, which then may be transmitted to Google in the United States.

If you open a page that contains Google Maps, your browser establishes a direct connection with Google's servers. The map content is delivered by Google directly to your browser and integrated by your browser into the website. Therefore, we have no influence on the amount of data collected by Google in this way.

If you do not want that Google collects processes or uses data about you on our website, you can deactivate JavaScript in your browser. In this case, however, you can not use the map function.

For more information about the purpose and the scope of data collection as well as further processing and use of data by Google, your rights, as well as setting options to protect your privacy, please refer to the Google privacy notice at <https://www.google.com/intl/en/policies/privacy/>.

### IX.    Disclosure of Your Information

As a rule, we do not disclose your personally identifiable information to third parties with the exception of the cases presented here. Deviating hereof, however, we may be required in some cases to disclose your personal information to law enforcement agencies. This is for example the case if there is suspicion of a crime or misuse of our website.

### X.    Social Media Link / Share Buttons

Our website features only image links of social networks, such as Facebook, Twitter, Google +, etc. These "Share" buttons are embedded in disabled form, so that there is no direct contact with the servers of the respective social networks. Only when you click on the "Share" button, will a new window open in which you must log on to the selected social network. The selected page can then be recommended or shared. At no time are data transmitted from our website to the respective operators of the social network without this being initiated by the user.

### XI.    Links to Third-Party Websites

Our website features so-called hyperlinks to websites of other providers. When activating these links, you will be redirected from our website directly to the third-party website. You will recognise this by the URL change, among others.

We are not responsible for how these providers handle your data on these external websites, since we have no control over how these providers deal with your personal data. Please visit the websites of the respective providers directly for additional information.

### XII.    Precautionary Measures

Within the framework of the technical administration of the website, we have implemented technical and measures to protect your data from intentional or accidental manipulation, access by unauthorised third parties, loss, destruction or modification.

Data transfer in this context is only via an SSL connection. We always update our firewall and allow only password-protected access to our databases and applications. We are constantly optimizing this protection in the context of technical progress.

We would like to point out that data transmission on the Internet (e.g. when communicating by e-mail) may be associated with security risks. The complete protection of data against access by third parties is not possible. It is your responsibility as a user to protect the data sent by you through encryption or protect it from misuse by other means. We recommend sending confidential information only by regular post.

### XIII.    Information About Your Data

Upon your request, we will happily provide information about whether and what type of your data we have saved or stored. If our stored data should prove to be incorrect and/or outdated in spite of our efforts, we will correct this at your request and without delay. If you wish to have any of your stored data deleted, this will be done at your request in the context of the statutory provisions. If a deletion is not possible for legal reasons, the data will be blocked/deactivated instead. Please contact the Editors of the website.

### XIV.    Data Protection Officer

Do you have questions about the privacy policy? Then please contact our data protection officer:

Scheja and Partner, Solicitors and External Data Protection Officers  
Adenauerallee 136  
D-53113 Bonn  
[www.scheja-partner.de](http://www.scheja-partner.de/ "Open link in new window")

Revision level: December 2015
