> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the diablomedia.com privacy policy that was archived on 2008-12-19. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20081219103118id_/http%3A//www.diablomedia.com/about_us/privacy_policy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Diablo Media

## about us

#### Have A Product or Service?

If you have a product or service and you're looking for exposure, please tell us about it. Our knowledgeable and friendly staff is standing by and ready to help. [Learn More Now!](https://web.archive.org/cpa_form/)

### Privacy Policy

**Diablo Media, LLC.** ("we") believe(s) in 100% permission-based marketing. We collect the information you provide at our websites. Additionally, we purchase and manage opt-in email lists generated by affiliate sites and organizations. To subscribe, you must provide your email address and categories of interest. Subscribers may also provide such optional information as their postal address, zip code, gender, and age. Then, we may send offers for goods and services relevant to the categories of interest you have chosen. To better provide our subscribers with relevant offers, we append traditional data to email records by matching the information you provide with third party data sources. We may broadcast special offers that would be of value to any online consumer to all of our subscribers.

We may utilize the information described above to help our clients better understand the demographics of our target audiences as well as to support our marketing data products and services. We may also provide personally identifiable data to partner firms which may include third party marketing companies, affiliates, advertising agencies, and data aggregation companies. Such data may be used by the aforementioned partner firms to provide consumers with information on products and services that may be of interest in accordance with this privacy policy.

We remain dedicated to providing notice and choice to all of our subscribers. Once a subscriber chooses to be removed from our database via our unsubscribe process, the subscriber will no longer receive any offers from us. Please note, however, the subscriber may still receive offers from other affiliated websites and third parties in which he or she has subscribed. The subscriber must either visit those websites to unsubscribe or unsubscribe through the link provided in the affiliated website's email advertisements.

Safeguarding the privacy of your online information is a top priority for us. For websites owned and operated by us, we use log files. These log files may include internet protocol (IP) addresses, browser type, internet service provider (ISP), referring/exit pages, platform type, date/time stamp, and number of clicks to analyze trends, administer the site, track user's movement in the aggregate, and gather broad demographic information for aggregate use.

Our websites are intended for use only by adults. We comply with the Children's Online Privacy Protection Act and does not knowingly solicit or collect information from children.

Your Information is protected by our state-of-the-art permission-based marketing technology. We have implemented security protocols and measures to protect the information we maintain about you from unauthorized access or alteration. These measures include internal and external firewalls, physical security and technological security measures, and encryption of certain information.

We encourage you to revisit our Privacy Statement on an ongoing basis to remain informed of any revisions. If we revise our policy to use your information in a manner different from that stated in this Privacy Policy at the time of collection by us, we will post such revisions on our Privacy Policy web site link in a timely manner.

Our consumer privacy advocates may be reached via e-mail or postal mail via the contact information below:

**Diablo Media, LLC**  
1550 Larimer St. Suite 606  
Denver, CO 80202 USA

P: +1 (800) 368-0973  
F: +1 (800) 665-1879

##### Diablo Media, LLC

1553 Platte St. Suite 205  
Denver, CO 80202 USA

P: +1 (800) 368-0973  
F: +1 (800) 665-1879
