> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the dialuz.com privacy policy that was archived on 2011-11-03. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20111103093342id_/http%3A//www.dialuz.com/privacy_policy.jsp) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# India's Local Search Engine - Dialuz.com Hyderabad

## Welcome To Dialuz

### Privacy Policy

In the course of registering for and availing various services we provide from time to time through our website [www.dialuz.com](http://dialuz.com/) you may be required to give your name, residence address, workplace address, email address, date of birth, educational qualifications and similar Personal Information ("Personal Information"). The Personal Information is used for three general purposes: to customize the content you see, to fulfill your requests for certain services, and to contact you about our services. Unless otherwise stated explicitly, this Policy applies to Personal Information as disclosed on any of the Media. At Dialuz.com we recognize that privacy is important. This Privacy Policy applies to all of the products, services offered by Dialuz.com.

Personal Information will be kept confidential and will be used for our research, marketing, and strategic client analysis objectives and other internal business purposes only. We do not share, sell or rent Personal Information except that in case you are a customer of our search services through any of the Media, your Personal Information shall be shared with our subscribers/advertisers and you shall be deemed to have given consent to the same. We will share Personal Information only under one or more of the following circumstances: - If we have your consent or deemed consent to do so - If we are compelled by law (including court orders) to do so.

In furtherance of the confidentiality with which we treat Personal Information we have put in place appropriate physical, electronic, and managerial procedures to safeguard and secure the information we collect online. We give you the ability to edit your account information and preferences at any time, including whether you want us to contact you about new services. To protect your privacy and security, we will also take reasonable steps to verify your identity before granting access or making corrections. You acknowledge that you are disclosing Personal Information voluntarily. Prior to the completion of any registration process on our website or prior to availing of any services offered on our website if you wish not to disclose any Personal Information you may refrain from doing so; however if you don't provide information that is requested it is possible that the registration process would be incomplete and/or you would not be able to avail of the our services.

Log information - When you access Dialuz services, our servers record information that your browser sends whenever you visit a website. These server logs may include information such as your web request, Internet Protocol address, browser type, browser language, the date and time of your request and one or more cookies that may uniquely identify your browser. Also, in order to protect you from fraud, phishing, and other misconduct, we may collect information about your interaction with our services. Any such information we collect will only be used to detect and prevent fraud or other misconduct.
