> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the centerpointmedia.com privacy policy that was archived on 2007-08-07. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20070807103848id_/http%3A//www.centerpointmedia.com/privacy.php) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy Policy

Center Point Media is dedicated to maintaining the privacy of our clients and users. Once you have chosen to become a Center Point Media client, we assure you that your personal information will be exclusively used to provide you with the products or services you requested 

When you request a service from Center Point Media, you will be asked to provide contact and payment information. The contact information will include your name, address, phone number and email address. The payment information typically includes your credit card number. In the normal course of providing our services, we also create and maintain other information such as account status, system usage, plan type and support requests. All information collected by Center Point Media will be used for the sole purpose of maintaining our relationship with you as a customer. 

**How does Center Point Media use customer information?**

  * We do not sell or rent customer information.
  * We use customer information to notify customers of system and service related issues including: system upgrades, scheduled maintenance, network downtime, newly added services or features and any other communication deemed relevant to the continuance of our service.
  * We may share customer information with partner companies when a customer has requested a service or product provided by that company. The information given will only be that which is necessary to implement the service or product requested.
  * Domain registration information becomes public record in the universally available Whois database when a customer registers a domain name with Center Point Media
  * As required by law, we will disclose customer information to name, contact, or bring legal action against persons causing harm or interfering with the rights or property of Center Point Media, our customers, or others. 

**How does Center Point Media use cookies?**

Cookies are pieces of information generated by a Web server and stored on a user's computer. Center Point Media does not use cookies to track or collect information specific to the web activities of our customers. We exclusively uses cookies to authenticate users accessing the Control Panel and to securely store login data. We use a session cookie, which allows the cookie to remain active only while your browser is open. After the browser is closed, the cookie expires.
