> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the bullzip.com privacy policy that was archived on 2019-03-19. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20190319220332id_/http%3A//www.bullzip.com/privacy_policy.php) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Bullzip Utility Source

## Why this notice

This page describes how BioPDF processes the personal data of users visiting its website.  
This information note is provided in compliance with Personal Data Protection Code and articles 13 and 14 Regulation (EU) 2016/679 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 27 April 2016), to those who interact with the web services of BioPDF through electronic access to the address https://www.bullzip.com/, corresponding to the home page of the website of BioPDF.

## **Owner and data controller**

BioPDF ApS, Bohusvej 6, 3140 Aalsgaarde, Denmark  
Owner and data controller contact: [click here](https://web.archive.org/about.php)   
The data controller does not intend to transfer personal data to a third country or international organization, different from EU member States.

## Types of data collected

Among the types of Personal Data that the owner and data controller collects, by itself or through third parties, there are: first name, last name, email address, mailing address, phone number, credit card information, cookies and usage data.

Complete details on each type of Personal Data collected are provided in the dedicated sections of this privacy policy or by specific explanation texts displayed prior to the Data collection.  
The Personal Data may be freely provided by the User, or, in case of Usage Data, collected automatically when using BioPDF.

Users are responsible for any third-party Personal Data obtained, published or shared through BioPDF and confirm that they have the third party's consent to provide the Data to the Owner.

### **Orders and Financial Information**

Credit / Debit card numbers and data are not stored by BioPDF.  
Ordering information is accepted on a Secure Order Processing page. Details will be encrypted by industry-standard Secure Sockets Layer (SSL) technology to provide encryption of personal information such as name, address and credit card details.

### **Downloads, feedback forms and e-mail addresses**

Providing a valid e-mail address may be necessary in order to download a trial version of the software product and to purchase the software product.  
Supplying a valid phone number is optional: however, failure to provide it may imply the impossibility to obtain the requested contact.

### **Cookies**

Cookies are small files that a site or its service provider transfers to users’ computers hard drive through Web browsers (if allowed) that enables the sites or service providers systems to recognize users' browser and capture and remember certain information.

No personal data of the users is acquired on the subject by this site.

Use of the so-called session cookies (which are not stored in a persistent manner on the user’s computer and are automatically removed when the browser is closed) includes, but is not limited to the transmission of session identifiers (consisting of random numbers generated by the server) necessary for allowing a safe and efficient site exploration.

Session cookies used in this site may be processed by third party softwares and technologies potentially capable of (partially) profiling users' surfing activity in accordance with third parties' own privacy policies.

  * [Facebook privacy policy](https://www.facebook.com/policy.php)
  * [Google privacy policy](https://policies.google.com/privacy?hl=en)
  * [Twitter privacy policy](https://twitter.com/en/privacy)



BioPDF uses cookies as a tool to remember and process the items in users' shopping cart and compile aggregate data about site traffic and site interaction in order to offer better site experiences.

## Mode and place of processing the data

### Methods of processing

The Data Controller processes the Data of Users in a proper manner and shall take appropriate security measures to prevent unauthorized access, disclosure, modification, or unauthorized destruction of the Data.

The Data processing is carried out using computers and/or IT enabled tools, following organizational procedures and modes strictly related to the purposes indicated.

In addition to the Data Controller, in some cases, the Data may be accessible to certain types of persons in charge, involved with the operation of the site (administration, sales, marketing, legal, system administration) or external parties (such as third-party technical service providers, mail carriers, hosting providers, IT companies, communications agencies) appointed, if necessary, as Data Processors by the Owner.

The updated list of these parties may be requested from the Data Controller at any time.

### Place

The Data are processed at the Data Controller's operating offices and in any other places where the parties involved with the processing are located. For further information, please contact the Data Controller.

### Retention time

The Data are kept for the time necessary to provide the service requested by the User, or stated by the purposes outlined in this document, and the User can always request that the Data Controller suspend or remove the data.

## Purpose of data processing

Users' personal data are collected to allow BioPDF to provide its services, as well as for the purposes indicated below and using the following services:

### Contacting the user

"Contact us" contact form  
The user, by filling out the "Contact us" contact form with his/her personal data, agrees to the use of same to reply to the user's requests for information, quotations, or of any other nature as indicated in the form.  
Personal data collected: last name, first name, e-mail address, and other various types of data.

### Interaction with social networks and external platforms

This kind of service allows interaction with social networks, or with other external platforms, directly from the pages of this site.  
The interactions and information acquired by this site are subject to the user's privacy settings related to each social network.  
In case an interaction service with the social networks is installed, such service could collect traffic data related to the pages on which it is installed, even if the user does not use the service.

### Statistics

Some software applications may allow the Data Controller to monitor and analyze the traffic data with the purpose of tracking the user's behavior. BioPDF may contract with third-party service providers in order to better understand its site visitors.

Any collected information may be used to improve BioPDF website and customer service, to administer a contest, promotion, survey or other site feature, to send periodic emails.  
Detailed unsubscribe instructions are included at the bottom of each email, in case any subscriber would like to unsubscribe from receiving future e-mails.

## Data protection

No credit information supplied by customers in the purchasing process is available to BioPDF.  
BioPDF does not process, retain or analyze any credit information: such data are collected and managed by third parties, in accordance with their own privacy policy.  
BioPDF implements effective security measures designed to maintain the safety of personal data and sensitive information eventually provided by its users on a voluntary basis including, but not limited to, the use of a secure server.

## Optional disclosure of data

Apart from what was specified above, users may disclose other personal data when filling in the BioPDF contact forms or sending messages to BioPDF e-mail addresses.

For the reason of completeness it is important to mention that in some cases (not within the ordinary management of this site) the Authorities may request information pursuant to the Danish Personal Data Protection Code, for the purpose of monitoring the processing of personal data. In such event, the reply to such request is mandatory; any failure to do so shall result in an administrative sanction.

## User's rights

The individuals whom the personal data refer to are always entitled to get confirmation of the existence of such data and to know the contents and origin of same, to verify their accuracy or obtain their integration or updating, or their correction (article 7 of the Personal Data Protection Code, articles 11 and 12 Regulation (EU) 2016/679 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 27 April 2016).

In accordance with the above provisions, users are also entitled to obtain the cancellation, transformation in anonymous form or blocking of data processed in breach of the law, as well as, in any event, to oppose their processing for legitimate reasons.

All requests should be sent to BioPDF, under the reference "User's Privacy" by e-mail or by post, at the address: [click here](https://web.archive.org/about.php)

## **How to lodge a complaint about data protection issues**

In compliance with Regulation (EU) 2016/679 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 27 April 2016, each data subject has the right to lodge a complaint with the following supervisory authority: <http://www.datatilsynet.dk/>

## Updates of the Privacy Policy

Please note that this document, published at the address "/privacy_policy.php" constitutes the "Privacy and Cookie Policy" of this site,  
and is subject to updating.

The Data Controller reserves the right to modify this Privacy Policy at any time by giving communication to the users on this page.

You are therefore kindly invited to consult this page having reference to the date of last modification at the page bottom. In case of non-acceptance of this Privacy Policy as amended, the user shall immediately cease the use of this site and is entitled to obtain from the Data Controller the removal of his/her personal data.

Unless otherwise specified, the previous Privacy and Cookie Policy shall continue to apply to personal data collected until that moment.

This policy was last modified on May 21st, 2018
