> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the goformative.com privacy policy that was archived on 2015-03-25. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20150325001534id_/http%3A//goformative.com/privacy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Formative

## Formative Privacy Policy

#### Last revised Monday, July 29th, 2013

Welcome to the web site and online services (the " **Website** ") operated by SMARTEST EDU, INC. Formative values the privacy of our members and others who visit and use the Website (individually, " **You** " or collectively, " **Users** "). We take your privacy seriously and make it a priority to protect personally identifiable information that we obtain from and about individuals both online and offline.

This Privacy Policy describes what information we gather from you, how we use that information, and what we do to protect it. By using the Website (whether or not you are a registered member), you expressly consent to the information handling practices described in this policy. If you do not want information about you to be used in the manner set forth in this Privacy Policy, please do not use the Website.

This Privacy Policy is incorporated into and is subject to the [Formative Terms of Service](http://goformative.com/tos). Your use of the Website and any personal information you provide on the Website are subject to the terms of this Privacy Policy and [Formative's Terms of Service](http://goformative.com/tos). Any capitalized terms used but not defined herein shall have the meaning set forth in the [Terms of Service](http://goformative.com/tos).

Protecting the privacy of young children is especially important. For that reason, Formative puts in place certain features designed to help protect the personally identifiable information of children less than 13 years of age. Formative does not knowingly permit any person less than 13 years of age to register directly for the Website unless Formative reasonably believes, or has received assurances from a coach, teacher, school administrator (“Educator”), or that the child's parent has consented to such registration and use of the Website. Formative reasonably believes that anyone accessing class content for the first time with a “Quick Code” or other method delivered by a teacher has received these assurances. If Formative learns that personally-identifiable information of persons less than 13 years of age has been collected on the Website without parental consent, then Formative will take the appropriate steps to delete this information. If you are a parent or guardian and discover that your child under the age of 13 has a registered account with the Website without your consent, then you may alert Formative at [privacy@goformative.com](mailto:privacy@goformative.com) and request that Formative delete that child's personal information from its systems.

When a child under the age of 13 (" **Child Member** ") requests to register for the Website, Formative first seeks consent from the child's identified parent or guardian (" **Parent** "). During the initial registration process, we may collect from a potential Child Member their email address and birth date, along with an email address for a Parent. In some cases, an Educator may be able to directly register a Child Member for the Website by the Educator providing to us during such registration process a username and password for the Child Member account. Formative attempts to inform the child's Parent, using the email address provided by the child or the Educator, of the request for a Child Member account and directs the Parent to this Privacy Policy. Please note that, although Formative will make reasonable efforts to inform the Parent following the creation of a Child Member account by an Educator, the Child Member account will be immediately active and ready for use by the Child Member upon registration by the Educator. If you are a Parent and wish to consent to your child's registration on the Website, you must first register for the Website under an adult account. If you are a registered Parent on the Website, you may create a child account, or request an existing child account to be assigned to your parent account, for each Child Member for whom you are a parent or legal guardian. A Parent may additionally revoke a child's permission to use the Website at any time by either contacting Formative at [privacy@goformative.com](mailto:privacy@goformative.com) or by changing the password for the child's account using the features provided for a parent account. If you are a Parent and register your child for a Child Member account or have the Child Member account assigned to your parent account, you agree and acknowledge that you permit the Child Member to use the Website and all features made available on the Website as fully contemplated by Formative. As a Parent, you understand that any personally identifiable information of your child that you or an Educator provide in connection with registration or otherwise may be used by Formative as provided in this Privacy Policy. Except where the context indicates otherwise, the remainder of this Privacy Policy (including any discussion of the personally identifiable information that Formative may collect, use or disclose) shall apply equally to a Child Member account and a Parent account. The Website does not condition a Child Member's participation in an online activity on the Child Member providing more personal information than is reasonably necessary for that activity.

  


  * **User-provided Information:** When you register for, browse and use the Website, you may provide to Formative what is generally called "personally identifiable information" (such as your full name, email address, postal mailing address, and/or home/mobile telephone number). You may also be able to add a picture of yourself. If you decide to register through or otherwise grant access to a third party social networking or integrated service that we may make available ("Integrated Service"), such as Facebook Connect or Google, Formative may also collect any such "personally identifiable information" that you have provided to the Integrated Service from the account you have with the Integrated Service. You may revoke Formative's access to your account on the Integrated Service at any time by updating the appropriate settings in the account preferences of the respective Integrated Service. You should check your privacy settings on each Integrated Service to understand and change the information sent to us through each Integrated Service. Please review each Integrated Service’s terms of use and privacy policies carefully before using their services and connecting to our Website. From time to time, Formative may also ask you optionally to provide other information. If you choose to provide such information, during registration or otherwise, you are giving Formative the permission to use and store it consistent with this policy. Therefore, please understand that when you sign in with Formative, you are not anonymous to us.
  * **Information from other Users:** We may make available certain features in the Website that allow other Users of the Website to provide us information that may include your personally identifiable information. For example, we may permit an Educator to register an account for you on your behalf in which the Educator pre-populates certain profile information about you.
  * **"Cookies" Information:** When you visit the Website, whether or not you are a registered member, we may send one or more cookies – small text files containing a string of alphanumeric characters – to your computer. Cookies remember information about your activities on a website. Formative may use both session cookies and persistent cookies. A session cookie disappears after you close your browser. A persistent cookie remains after you close your browser and may be used by your browser on subsequent visits to the Website. Persistent cookies can be removed. Please review your web browser "Help" file to learn the proper way to modify your cookie settings. However, without cookies you will not have access to certain services and features on the Website. Third party advertisements displayed in connection with the Website may also contain cookies set by internet advertisers. We do not control these cookies and users of the Website should check the privacy policy of the advertiser to see whether and how it uses cookies.
  * **"Automatically Collected" Information:** When you use the Website, we may automatically record certain information from your browser by using different types of technology, including standard log files, "clear gifs" or "web beacons." This "automatically collected" information may include your Internet Protocol (IP) address, browser type, internet service provider (ISP), referring or exit pages, click stream data, operating system and the dates and times that you visit the Website. Additionally, we may record certain information regarding your use of features that Formative may make available on the Website, such as the number of problems you have attempted, the number of videos you have viewed and the amount of time spent to complete a problem.
  * **Third Party Web Beacons:** We may also implement third party content, such as advertising, on the Website that uses "clear gifs," "web beacons," or other similar techniques, which allow the third party content provider to read and write cookies to your browser, or implement similar tracking mechanisms, in connection with your viewing of that third party content displayed on the Website. This information is collected directly by the third party, and Formative does not participate in that data transmission. Information collected by third parties in this manner is subject to that third party's own data collection, use, and disclosure policies.
  * **Location Information:** We may collect and store information about your location if you enable your computer or mobile device to send us location information. You may be able to change the settings on your computer or mobile device to prevent it from providing us with such information.
  * **Information from Other Sources:** We may also obtain information, including personally identifiable information, from third parties and sources other than the Website. If we combine or associate information from other sources with personally identifiable information that we collect through the Website, we will treat the combined information as personally identifiable information in accordance with this Privacy Policy.

  


  * Formative uses the information that you provide or that we collect in order to establish and enhance our relationship with you. Formative generally uses the information you provide or that we collect to operate, maintain, enhance, and provide all of the features and services found on the Website. If you have given Formative consent, we may use your personally identifiable information to provide you with information about Formative's features, services and other offerings that may be of interest to you. We may also send information or offers to groups of users on behalf of other businesses. Under certain circumstances (for example if you win a contest) we may post your personally identifiable information on the Website. However, we will notify you of this possibility when collecting personally identifiable information or we will obtain your consent. We may share your personally identifiable information with certain other websites that we link to (and that you click upon) in order to enhance your experience in connection with the Website.
  * Formative uses all of the information that you provide or that we collect from Users to understand and analyze the usage trends and preferences of our Users, to improve the way the Website works and looks, and to create new features and functionality.
  * Formative may use "cookies" information to: (a) remember your information so that you will not have to re-enter it during your visit or the next time you visit the Website; (b) provide customized third-party advertisements, content, and information; (c) monitor the effectiveness of third-party marketing campaigns; (d) monitor aggregate site usage metrics such as total number of visitors and pages viewed; and (e) track your entries, submissions, and status in any promotions or other activities.
  * If you have registered as a member and given Formative consent, we may share your personally identifiable information with advertisers, business partners, and other entities that are not affiliated with Formative who would like to send you information about their products and services. We do not share personally identifiable information with other third-party organizations for their marketing or promotional use without your consent or except as part of a specific program or feature for which you will have the ability to opt-in.
  * Formative's employees, agents and contractors must have a legitimate business reason to obtain access to the personally identifiable information you may provide to register as a member of Formative. We may share your personally identifiable information with companies that provide services to us, including outside contractors or agents who help us manage our information activities (for example, contest and sweepstakes administration), but they may only use your personally identifiable information to provide us with a specific service and not for any other purpose.

  


  * Aggregate Information: Formative discloses automatically collected and other aggregate non-personally-identifiable information to interested third parties to assist such parties in understanding the usage, viewing, and demographic patterns for certain programs, content, services, advertisements, promotions, and/or functionality on the Website.
  * User Content on the Website: Formative enables you to share your User Content with other Users of the Website that you choose. Formative may also permit you to share your User Content publicly on the Website. If your User Content is shared with other Users, any personally identifiable information that you choose to include in, or is associated with, such User Content will be accessible by such Users. Once you make your personally identifiable information available to others in any of these ways, it may be collected and used by the recipients without restriction. Formative enables Users to share information and resources. If you are a User subscribing to the Website and you consent, Formative may disclose certain personally identifiable information to other Users of the Website. If you consent, Formative may also share information about your use of certain Website features with other Users of the Website, such as sharing your activity history with Users you choose to include or Users associated with your Educational Organization.
  * Child Member Information: Although Formative makes available certain features that allow a User to disclose personal information to other Users, we attempt to restrict a Child Member's access to certain features that could result in disclosure by the Child Member of personally identifiable information. For example, a Child Member account is not normally permitted to post public comments on the Website. However, some features of the Website may permit a Child Member to enter free-form text through which the Child Member could include personally identifiable information that could be visible to other Users (such as when a Child Member enters personal information in answering a question or creating other projects on the Website). Further, certain features of the Website may allow the Child Member to communicate with other Users, such as when a Child Member communicates with an Educator through the Website or through third party services accessing the Formative API. If the Child Member chooses to include personally identifiable information in such communications, the recipient may be able to collect and use such information without restriction. For example, an Educator may receive personally identifiable information that is made available by a Child Member and may be able to use such information without restriction.
  * Social Networks: Formative will disclose your personal information if you have explicitly agreed that we may do so. In particular, we will disclose personal information where you have elected to connect your account on our Website to a social network or other similar service (e.g., Facebook or Google), or have elected to have your activity on our Website published to a social network or other similar service (e.g., Facebook or Google). To control the information that you share, you should review and, if appropriate, modify your privacy settings on such services.
  * Required by Law: Formative may also disclose User information if required to do so by law or in the good-faith belief that such action is necessary to comply with state and federal laws (such as U.S. Copyright law) or respond to a court order, judicial or other government subpoena, or warrant. In some cases, we may make such disclosures without first providing notice to Users.
  * Merger or Acquisition: In the event that Formative is acquired by or merged with a third-party entity, we reserve the right, in any of these circumstances, to transfer or assign the information that we have collected from Users as part of such merger, acquisition, sale, or other change of control.
  * Other Purposes: Formative also reserves the right to disclose User information that we believe, in good faith, is appropriate or necessary to take precautions against liability; to protect Formative from fraudulent, abusive, or unlawful uses; to investigate and defend ourselves against any third-party claims or allegations; to assist government enforcement agencies; to protect the security or integrity of the Website; or to protect the rights, property, or personal safety of Formative, our Users, or others.



You may, of course, decline to share your personally-identifiable information with Formative, in which case Formative will not be able to provide to you some of the features and functionality found on the Website. If you register as a member of Formative, you may update, correct, or delete your profile information and preferences at any time by going to your account settings page.

To protect your privacy and security, we take reasonable steps to verify your identity before granting you account access or making corrections to your information. You are responsible for maintaining the secrecy of your unique password and account information at all times.

Formative endeavors to make content available through the Website as broadly available as possible. To encourage this, Formative may make available to third party application developers and service providers ("App Developers") an application programming interface ("API") for use in creating complementary or additional services for users (such as creating mobile applications that provide access to Formative content). Through the API, Formative may allow App Developers to access a variety of personal information related to your use of the Website and related services, including your username or other unique identifier, messages, comments, browsing history on the Website, exercise history and other information related to your use of the Website. When you use, download or access an application or service from such App Developers, we may give them access to such personal information you have provided or we have collected. The first time an App Developer wishes to access your information through the API for a particular service or application, you will first be given the option to approve such access to your information by such service or application. You understand that you may not have access to certain features or services if you choose to not provide such access to your information to App Developers.

You understand and agree that such App Developers may use this information for its internal business purposes in operating its services and may also disclose such information to its other customers and users. You should consult the respective privacy policies of these third-party services and application. Formative's privacy policy does not apply to, and we cannot control the activities of, such App Developers.

Google Apps and Google Analytics are among the applications used by Formative. As such, please note the following policies for use of these tools:

  * The Google Analytics features we have implemented or plan on implementing are Display Advertising (e.g., Remarketing, Google Display Network Impression Reporting, the DoubleClick Campaign Manager integration, and Google Analytics Demographics and Interest Reporting).
  * Using the Ads Settings, visitors can opt-out of Google Analytics for Display Advertising and customize Google Display Network ads.
  * Formative may use Remarketing with Google Analytics to advertise online.
  * Third-party vendors, including Google, may show Formative ads on sites across the Internet.
  * Formative and third-party vendors, including Google, may use first-party cookies (such as the Google Analytics cookie) and third-party cookies (such as the DoubleClick cookie) together to inform, optimize, and serve ads based on someone's past visits to Formative.
  * Formative and third-party vendors, including Google, use first-party cookies (such as the Google Analytics cookies) and third-party cookies (such as the DoubleClick cookie) together to report how our ad impressions, other uses of ad services, and interactions with these ad impressions and ad services are related to visits to Formative.



The Website may be linked to internet websites operated by other companies. Some of these websites may be co-branded with our name or logo, even though they are not operated or maintained by us. Formative may also permit other companies, called third-party ad servers or ad networks, to serve advertisements within the Website. These third-party ad servers or ad networks may use technology to send, directly to your browser, some of the advertisements and links that appear on the Website. These advertisers may automatically receive your IP address if this happens. These advertisers may also use other technologies (such as cookies, JavaScript, or Web Beacons) to measure the effectiveness of their advertisements and to personalize the advertising content.

You should consult the respective privacy policies of these third-party websites and third party ad servers or ad networks. Formative's privacy policy does not apply to, and we cannot control the activities of, such other third party advertisers or web sites. Please be aware that Formative does not warn you when you have chosen to link through to another website from the Website.

Formative uses certain physical, managerial, and technical safeguards designed to preserve the integrity and security of your personal information. We cannot, however, ensure or warrant the security of any information you transmit to Formative, and you do so at your own risk. Once we receive your transmission of information, Formative makes commercially reasonable efforts to ensure the security of our systems. However, please note that this is not a guarantee that such information may not be accessed, disclosed, altered, or destroyed by breach of any of our physical, technical, or managerial safeguards.

If Formative learns of a security systems breach, then we may attempt to notify you electronically so that you can take appropriate protective steps. Formative may post a notice on the Website if a security breach occurs. Depending on where you live, you may have a legal right to receive notice of a security breach in writing.

The Website is intended solely for visitors located within the United States. If you nonetheless choose to use the Website from the European Union or other regions of the world with laws governing data collection and use that may differ from U.S. law, then please note that you are transferring your personally identifiable information outside of those regions to the United States and by providing your personally identifiable information on the Website you consent to that transfer.

We reserve the right to change the privacy policy at our sole discretion. Formative users will be informed of any such change by us posting a new privacy policy on the Website and the effective date of any change of privacy policy will be clearly marked. We will not use any personally identifiable information of yours in ways that are materially different from the ones described in this Privacy Policy without also providing notification of such practices and obtaining consent to any such different uses. If we make material changes to this policy, we will notify you here, by email, or by means of a notice on our Website.

  


Please contact Formative with any questions or comments about this Privacy Policy, your personal information, our third-party disclosure practices, or your consent choices by email at [privacy@goformative.com](mailto:privacy@goformative.com) or by mail at: 

Formative   
1158 26th Street # 161  
Santa Monica, CA 90403.
