> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the 1010wins.com privacy policy that was archived on 2003-06-23. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20030623202657id_/http%3A//1010wins.com/privacy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# 1010 WINS: Privacy

1010 WINS PRIVACY POLICY

TABLE OF CONTENTS  
[*Collection, Use and Disclosure of Personal Information](http://1010wins.com/privacy/local_story_014133224.html#collection)  
[*Children’s Privacy Policy](http://1010wins.com/privacy/local_story_014133224.html#children)  
[*Email Policy](http://1010wins.com/privacy/local_story_014133224.html#email)  
[*E-Commerce Policy](http://1010wins.com/privacy/local_story_014133224.html#commerce)  
[*Chat Rooms, Message Boards and Public Forums Policy](http://1010wins.com/privacy/local_story_014133224.html#chat)  
[*Advertising and Other Third-Party Content](http://1010wins.com/privacy/local_story_014133224.html#advertising)  
[*Hyperlinks to Other Websites](http://1010wins.com/privacy/local_story_014133224.html#hyperlinks)  
[*Cookies and Image Tags](http://1010wins.com/privacy/local_story_014133224.html#cookies)  
[*Security Measures](http://1010wins.com/privacy/local_story_014133224.html#security)  
[*Review, Update and Deletion of Personal Information](http://1010wins.com/privacy/local_story_014133224.html#review)  
[*Contact Us](http://1010wins.com/privacy/local_story_014133224.html#contact)

1010wins.com (“Site,” “us” or “we”) is the official website for Radio Station 1010 WINS RADIO, New York, NY 10106(“Station”). This Site is owned and operated by Infinity Broadcasting Corporation(“Owner and Operator”). 

Your privacy is very important to us. Because we gather certain types of personally identifiable information (“Personal Information”) from users of our website, we feel you should know how we use the Personal Information that you may voluntarily provide us and the Personal Information that is collected passively through the use of cookies or image tags. The Privacy Policy is a part of the Site’s [Terms of Use Agreement](http://1010wins.com/terms/), which is binding on all users. 

Unless specified otherwise on the Site, users must be at least 18 years of age and a legal resident of the United States before participation in any activity that requires the submission of Personal Information. By your participation in our Site activities, you certify that you are at least 18 years of age. All users of the Site are required to provide true, current, complete and accurate Personal Information when prompted and we will reject and delete any entry that we believe in good faith to be false or fraudulent. 

If you do not agree with this Privacy Policy, please do not participate in the Site’s activities or services that require you to provide your Personal Information. (The type of Personal Information is listed below.) Your continued participation indicates your acceptance of this Privacy Policy and of the collection, use, disclosure, maintenance, management and storage of your Personal Information as described below. This Privacy Policy will remain in full force and effect as long as you are a user of the Site. We reserve the right to revise this policy at any time by updating this posting without advance notice to you. Such revisions shall be effective to you as a user of the Site immediately upon posting. Therefore, we encourage you to check this Privacy Policy often. 

Collection, Use and Disclosure of Personal Information

Generally, you may browse this Site without providing any Personal Information. For certain activities (such as contest and sweepstakes registrations, membership, awards points and loyal listener clubs, nominations for civic or Best Teacher/Coach awards, or registration for chat rooms and message boards) the Personal Information you voluntarily provide may include your first/middle and last name, home address, business address, email address, telephone number, age, birthdate, gender, employer or personal preferences, depending on the activity. Your Personal Information will be used to implement the specific activity or event and will be used for the marketing of additional events, services and merchandising for this Site and 1010 WINS RADIO.

We will not sell, exchange, rent, lease or otherwise disclose your Personal Information to other third-party marketers or any such persons that are not associated with the Station as an advertiser, sponsor, or promotional partner (collectively “Advertisers”) unless it is necessary to 1) conform to regulatory and legal requirements or to comply with legal process, 2) to protect the safety and security of our users, employees, or property, 3) to defend the rights of the Site or the Station, or 4) to enforce the Terms of Use Agreement. (Specifics on how we may share your information with Advertisers are explained below.) 

It is necessary that we share your Personal Information with our operational service providers, the specialists that provide internal support to our Site design, development, hosting and operations including maintenance, management, storage and/or fulfillment of our membership and e-mail clubs, various contests, sweepstakes, services, events and online stores. We use operational service providers to efficiently provide the full range of content, activities and membership services we bring to you and we request that our operational service providers also protect your privacy and not disclose your personal information with third-party marketers that are not associated with the Station or website. 

Furthermore, we reserve the right to disclose any and all membership and visitor databases collected by the website, in the event that the assets or stock of 1010 WINS RADIO, its corporate licensee or parent company are sold or transferred to, or merged with a different company or entity, and to contact you at any time regarding the administration of the Site, its various activities and your membership. 

We explain below what our policy is for the collection, use and disclosure of users’ Personal Information for the Site and Advertisers. 

Advertising support allows us to offer, free of charge, many great activities and services to our users such as contests, sweepstakes and special events. Therefore, we may also use your Personal Information for the marketing of events, products or services of our generous Advertisers. There are two ways users may receive such information from Advertisers, either indirectly via newsletters, email or direct mail from the Site, or directly from the Advertiser. We may use one or both methods depending on the activity and the Advertiser. 

We do not currently share Personal Information with our Advertisers. However, depending on the activity, we may in the future do so and you will receive notice on the Site and/or in the rules of participation (“Rules of Participation”) for the event or activity. Please be informed that our Advertisers may not have the same privacy policies that we do. Therefore, you will need to tell us if you do not want to receive marketing information directly from our Advertisers. You will need to check the “Opt-out” click boxes so indicated on the registration area for the particular event, or notify the Site’s Privacy Administrator at [info@wins.com](mailto:info@wins.com). You will also need to tell us if you do not wish to receive marketing or promotional materials from the Site and/or Station in the same manner.

We reserve the right to monitor and edit any Personal Information about our users, including information about the use of website activities and services and the contents of users’ email and messages for internal purposes and when necessary, to disclose to law enforcement personnel, and/or the employer and/or Internet Service Provider of a user that is not in compliance with the Terms of Use Agreement. We will take such measures if we believe it is necessary to protect the security and operations of this Site. We provide aggregate statistics about our users, traffic patterns and related website information to Advertisers, reputable third-party vendors or marketing companies, but these statistics do not disclose Personal Information about a particular user.

Children’s Privacy Policy   
Although persons of all ages may visit our Site and participate in activities that do not require the collection of Personal Information, we do not knowingly or intentionally collect Personal Information from children under the age of 13 and will automatically reject and delete the registration or entry of any person we believe in good faith to be underage. Any false or fraudulent registration or entry from a minor will be deemed to be ineligible and will disqualify the minor from the receipt of a prize, benefit or other participation.

This Site has may have contests and prizes that could appeal to children. However, we still do not knowingly or intentionally collect personal Information from children. If we unintentionally receive Personal Information from children under the age of 13 in relation to this activity, we will comply with the Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act of 1998 (“COPPA”) and reject and destroy such correspondence. For more information about COPPA, please see the Federal Trade Commission’s website: [www.ftc.gov](http://www.ftc.gov/).

Email Policy

We do not generally keep email correspondence, except for those emails that relate to the on-air programs of 1010 WINS RADIO. As required by Federal law, if any part of your email correspondence relates to Station programming, we must place such correspondence in the Station’s FCC Public File, or make the correspondence available via electronic file access at the Station to anyone that requests such information. Therefore, be informed that your Personal Information contained in certain email will be disclosed to the general public. 

E-Commerce Policy

If this Site sells goods and/or services or provides auction services we will request Personal Information that includes your credit card or other payment information, full name, billing and shipping address, email address and telephone number and any such information that is required to fulfill your order and to communicate with you regarding your order. Sensitive Personal Information such as credit card account numbers will be collected though a secured Internet connection generally via SSL or S-HTTP protocols. We may use your Personal Information, (but not your credit card number) to contact you about future products, services and discounts from the Station or to provide such information indirectly from our Advertisers, unless you tell us otherwise. We will only use your credit card number to complete the specific transaction you requested.

Chat Rooms, Message Boards and Public Forums Policy  
For your enjoyment and entertainment, this Site offers user interactive activities such as chat rooms, message boards, and/or public forums (“Public Forums”). We do not share any Personal Information that is entered into the Public Forum registration and/or correspondence areas with Advertisers. 

We reserve the right, at our sole discretion, to save and archive any content of any nature posted to the Site and that the Station may, without liability to any user, disclose such content if required to do so by law or to comply with legal processes; to respond to claims that any of the content violates the property, privacy, publicity or other rights of others; or to protect the rights, property or safety of the Site, the Station, its employees, users and members of the public. For more information on this Site’s rules of conduct for these Public Forums, please see our [Terms of Use Agreement](http://1010wins.com/terms/). 

Advertising and Other Third-Party Content on the Site  
This Privacy Policy does not cover third-party advertising or third-party content that may be present on the Site. This Site may provide banner and general advertising, in addition to other content provided by our Advertisers or operational service providers. Users may from time to time enter into correspondence with or participation in such advertising, promotions or third-party content offered through the Site. Such correspondence and agreements are solely between the user and the Advertiser or the third-party content provider and do not involve the Site. Also, Advertisers and such third-party content providers may not have the same privacy policies that we do and you are encouraged to read their privacy policy first. 

Hyper Links to Other Websites  
This Site often provides links to third parties’ websites that could be of interest to our users, including the websites of our Advertisers. These websites do not have an affiliation with the Site or Station and may have different privacy policies and business practices than we do. We take no responsibility for such websites, as stated in our Terms of Use Agreement. By use of this Site, you have agreed that you will use the hyperlinks to third party sites at your own risk. 

Cookies and Image Tags

The use of cookies is an industry standard and they are currently used on most websites, including this Site. Cookies are a small text file containing a unique identification number that is transferred from a website to the hard drive of a user’s computer so that the website administrator may identify the computer and passively track the user’s activities on the website. Image tags work in conjunction with cookies and are small image files that may be located on select pages of our Site, or with-in web-based email newsletters that we may send. (Image tags are also called web beacons, web bugs, clear GIFs or single-pixel GIFs.) Tracking is important because we can better understand what parts of our website are used the most, when to launch new services and how to enhance current offerings. We may share the information we receive from cookies and image tags with third-parties and our Advertisers in aggregate form, which means that such information does not contain specific Personal Information about any one visitor.

In short, cookies and image tags collect a user’s Internet protocols and server information. Such data files allow our Site to remember your web browser when you visit our Site and are a necessary tool for quick and efficient access to membership clubs, awards programs and contests. A cookie will not allow the Site to learn any Personal Information (such as your real name and email address) that you have not otherwise disclosed. Cookies and image tags allow the Site to remember important information that will make your use of that Site more helpful. We do not use cookies or image tags to collect other Personal Information unless you give us permission to do so.

You can choose to have your computer warn you each time a cookie or image tag is being sent, or you can choose to turn off all such devices. This is done through your browser. If you turn cookies off, you may not have access to many features at our Site that make your Internet experience more efficient and enjoyable – like the features mentioned above – and some of our other services may not function properly.

Security Measures  
We conduct the collection, management, maintenance and storage of visitor information in a secure and reasonable manner using acceptable standards of security technology and practices (e.g., electronic security systems and password protections) to protect against the loss, misuse or alteration of Personal Information data. We also request that our operational service providers to also take such precautions. 1010wins.com databases are accessible only by authorized personnel. 

However, please note that when users transmit Personal Information over an unsecured Internet connection, the Site is not responsible for the security of that information during the transmission stage as your email or registration could be copied or intercepted by unknown third parties. We use a secured connection only for the sale of goods and services but we do not use a secured connection for other types of activities. Therefore, you understand, acknowledge, and agree that you transmit certain Personal Information over this Site at your own risk. 

Review, Update, or Deletion of Personal Information

You may review, update or delete your Personal Information collected by the Site. To do so, please email the Site’s Privacy Administrator at [info@1010wins.com](mailto:info@1010wins.com). To have access to your Personal Information, you must provide proof of identification such as full name, street address, city/state and zip code, user ID and password, and/or information about your recent activity on the website. We reserve the right to deny access to any user if we believe there is a question about your identity. Certain types of Personal Information that are necessary to check eligibility, such as birthdate or age, cannot be modified or deleted. 

Contact Us

If you have any questions about this privacy policy, please contact our Privacy Administrator via e-mail at [info@1010wins.com](mailto:info@1010wins.com) or via U.S. Mail:

1010 WINS RADIO  
888 Seventh Avenue  
New York, NY 10106  
attn: Privacy Administrator

Phone: 212-315-7000

This Privacy Policy was last updated on January 15, 2003.   
Copyright 2003 Infinity Broadcasting East Inc . All rights reserved.
