> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the keyetv.com privacy policy that was archived on 2011-10-07. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20111007192752id_/http%3A//weareaustin.com/about-privacypolicy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy Policy - We Are Austin.com KEYE TV

Welcome to Nexstar Broadcasting Group, Inc.  Your privacy is important to us.  It is the policy of Nexstar Broadcasting Group, Inc. (“Nexstar,” “we” or “our”) to respect and protect the privacy of our users. Nexstar includes as part of its mission, the constant effort to build users’ trust and confidence in the Internet by promoting fair information practices.  To fulfill this mission Nexstar agrees to exercise reasonable precautions to maintain the confidentiality of information provided by you in connection with accessing and using the websites owned, operated or offered by Nexstar and/or its television broadcast stations (each a “Site” and collectively the “Sites”).  Therefore, we provide this Privacy Policy explaining our online information collection practices which is binding on all Site users.  Please note, however, this Privacy Policy does not apply to any information you provide to us in any other manner then through the Sites.

Because we gather certain types of personally identifiable information (“Personal Information”) from users of our websites, we feel you should know how we collect, use, disclose, manage and store the Personal Information that you may voluntarily provide us and the Personal Information that is collected passively through the use of cookies or image tags on our websites. Nexstar agrees to post prominently and in plain language its specific privacy policies. This Privacy Policy sets forth Nexstar’s current policies and practices with respect to nonpublic personal information of the users of the Sites. Your continued participation on these Sites indicates your acceptance of this Privacy Policy and of the collection, use, disclosure, management and storage of your Personal Information as described below. 

Any disputes regarding our privacy practices is governed by this Privacy Policy and our Terms of Service.

**2.  Collection of Information**  
We believe that we can enhance your experience on our Sites through the information you share with us.  The Sites may permit you to vote in polls, participate in forums, subscribe to newsletters, purchase products, enter contests or sweepstakes and other similar activities.  Generally, you may browse a Site without providing any Personal Information. We do not collect personal information about individuals except when specifically and knowingly provided by such individuals except where you submit such information on their behalf (for example, if you submit a birthday notice with the person’s name and email address).  For certain activities you may be asked to submit a person’s name, address, phone number or email address.

The Sites provide certain activities where we gather Personal Information from users of the Sites, such as an activity that requires that a user complete a registration process and receive/select a “user name” and password. Registration to participate in these Site activities may require the submission of your email address, zip code, date of birth and other Personal Information. Other Personal Information that may be submitted include your full name, postal address, gender, personal interests, industry you work in, occupation/role, household income, and preferred news source, to name a few. You may also provide us with photographs or video materials that contain personal information about you.  In addition, you may have the ability to opt-in to additional subscription services, such as email news alerts or promotional and marketing information to be received directly from our Advertisers (those who pay us to place advertisements on our Sites) which may require you to provide certain Personal Information. 

**3.  Use of Information**

We may use your Personal Information to provide you with features, services or goods you request or to respond to billing and/or other such questions related to Nexstar or the Sites. We may also use your Personal Information to notify you about updates, new features, programming and activities on behalf of Nexstar, the Sites, or our Advertisers that may be of interest to you. 

We may use your information for hiring, operational and business purposes, or to find out how we can improve our company and Sites via surveys or online tracking mechanisms. We may use aggregated Personal Information collected directly during the registration process and/or via cookies and web beacons to help us evaluate and modify existing services and features, as well as provide demographic and geographic information to Advertisers. (For more information on “cookies” and “web beacons” and our policy on their use see Sections 5 and 6 below). We may also use your Personal Information to develop new services and features that may be of interest to you. 

We may use the information you provide about yourself or others to enforce the legal terms of use for our Sites and for any other purpose for which you provided the information.  We may use the information to communicate with you when you have won a contest or sweepstakes, or to contact you about your account with us. 

We and our Advertisers and affiliates may also collect various types of non-personally identifiable information when you visit the Sites.  Non-personally identifiable information we may collect could include current IP address, the type of browser you are using (e.g., Explorer, Firefox, Safari), the type of operating system you are using (Windows, Mac OS), the domain name of your internet service provider, the web pages you visit, the content you have accessed, and/or the advertisements you have been shown or clicked on. We may use non-personally identifiable information that we collect to improve our Sites, to deliver more relevant advertising messages to you and to enable us to personalize your experience on our Sites. 

If you choose to submit content for publication we may publish your screen name and/or other information you have provided.

Although we hope you find the information we provide to you through our Sites to be useful, you may always opt-out from receiving communications from us by changing your privacy preferences in your member profile, or by deleting your profile from our database.  Please see Section 10 below for more on our opt-out procedures.

**4.  Disclosure of Information**

We may share information, including your Personal Information, with our affiliates.  We also may disclose your Personal Information in response to a court order or subpoena, in response to a law enforcement agency request, when we have reason to believe that disclosing this information is necessary to identify, contact, or bring legal action against someone who may be causing injury to or interference with (either intentionally or unintentionally) the rights of Nexstar or to anyone that could be harmed by such activities, in situations involving threats to the physical safety of any person, where it is necessary to investigate, prevent or take action regarding illegal activity or suspected fraud, or as otherwise required by law.  We may transfer Personal Information about you if we are acquired by, sold to or merged with another company. 

Our agents and contractors who have access to your Personal Information are required to protect the information in a manner consistent with our Privacy Policy and may not use the information for any other purposes other than to carry out the activity they are performing on our behalf.  However, we may disclose your personally identifiable information to third parties who are not covered by this Privacy Policy (e.g., marketers, retailers, non-profit organizations, participatory databases) that want to market products or services to you.  We may also share your non-personally identifiable information with third parties in order to provide you with more relevant product and service opportunities.

If you have signed up to receive our emails and prefer not to receive marketing information from our Sites, follow the unsubscribe instructions provided on any such email you receive from our Sites.

Please be advised that although we take appropriate measures to safeguard against unauthorized disclosures of information, we cannot assure you that the personally identifiable information we collect about you will never be disclosed in a manner that is inconsistent with this Privacy Policy.  In addition, this Privacy Policy addresses only our use of information we collect from you online.  It does not apply to information you choose to disclose to other parties whether through chat rooms, forums, personal ads or interactive areas of our Sites that allow you to submit or post your own content or the like.  Accordingly, information you disclose on message boards, in chat rooms and forums, through content you provide or in any other way can be viewed, collected and/or used by others and Nexstar and the Sites are not responsible for information you disclose in this manner. 

**5.   Cookies**

You should be aware that non-personal information and data may be automatically collected on the Sites through the use of “cookies.” Cookies are small text files identifying each computer  that a visitor uses to access the Sites by a unique, random numerical identification code which is stored as text on a computer hard drive and has no significance outside the website. Websites can use cookies to recognize repeat visitors, facilitate a visitor’s ongoing access to and use of a site, and/or allow a site to track usage behavior and compile aggregate data that will allow content improvements. Cookies are not programs that come onto a visitor’s system and damage files. The use of cookies is common in the Internet industry, and many major websites use them to provide useful features to their customers. 

While Cookies do not contain personally identifiable information, once you choose to furnish our Sites with personally identifiable information, this information may be linked to the data stored in the cookie and such information may be used to personalize your experience with our Sites (for example, recognizing you by name when you return to a Site), saving your password in password protected areas or enabling you to use shopping carts on our Sites.  We may also use cookies to help us offer you more relevant information or products and services of interest to you.  Cookies also identify you to our servers allowing you the opportunity to avoid retying your email and password each time you access the Sites.

Our third party service providers, Advertisers and affiliates may use cookies to manage or measure the performance of their information displayed or delivered over our Sites.  For more information regarding this use, see our “Links to Third Party Providers” section below.

If you do not want information collected through the use of “cookies” there is a simple procedure in most browsers that allows you to deny or accept cookies.  You may set your browser to accept all or certain cookies, block all or certain cookies, or require your consent before accepting a cookie.  Blocking all cookies will affect your online experience and may prevent you from experiencing certain features of our Sites.  For more information please consult your browser help section.  Please note, however, that certain features of the Sites may not be accessible to you if you decline to accept our cookies.

**6.   Web Beacons**

Web beacons or clear .gifs and similar technologies are small pieces of code placed on a web page to monitor behavior and collect data about the visitors viewing a web page.  For example, web beacons may be used to count the visitors to a web page or to deliver a cookie to the browser of a visitor to that page.  Web beacons and cookies may also be used to collect, aggregate and analyze anonymous tracking data to help measure and track traffic and general user behavior.  We and our third party service providers, Advertisers and partners may use web beacons on our Sites.

We also may use technical methods in our HTML emails that we send to you to determine whether you have opened or forwarded an email and/or clicked on links in those emails, to customize the display of banner advertising and other messages to you, to determine whether you have made an inquiry or purchase in response to a particular email and other similar activities.  These technical methods may enable us to collect and use information from you that is personally identifiable.

**7.   Links to Third Party Websites**  
We may sometimes offer content that is sponsored by or co-branded with identified third parties.  By virtue of these relationships, the third parties may obtain personally identifiable information that you voluntarily submit in connection with certain activities.  The Sites also may contain links to the websites of third parties not affiliated with Nexstar.  In addition, if you click on an Advertiser’s advertisement, you will link to the Advertiser’s web site.  In all of these instances Nexstar’s Privacy Policy will not apply to personally identifiable information collected by these third parties.  This collecting of information is not subject to the control of Nexstar.  Further, such third party information practices may be different than ours and you should review these sites’ privacy policies for how they will treat your personal information.   You understand, acknowledge and agree that these links are provided solely as a convenience to you and not as an endorsement by the Sites or Nexstar of the content, advertising or business practices.  Nexstar is NOT responsible for the privacy practices or the content on any of these other websites, including any sites that may indicate a special relationship or “partnership” with Nexstar.  These third parties may also view, edit or set their own cookies and/or web beacons.    

**8.  How You Can Review or Correct Your Personal Information**  
Access to personally identifiable information collected from our Sites may be accessible for a limited period of time from the point of collection.  For example, if you created a password protected account within our Sites, you can access that account to review the personal information you provided.  You may contact Nexstar at PrivacyAdministrator@nexstar.tv to ask if we are keeping personal information about you.  For verification purposes please include your first name, last name, email address, and password, if applicable.  If we do have personal information about you, we will provide you with a readable copy of such personal information at no charge.  Factual errors in your personal information, including out-of-date information, can be updated by you in your registered user profile, if applicable, or corrected by sending us a request that credibly shows our error. 

**9.  Information-Sharing Disclosure Request**  
You may request a Notice of Information-Sharing Disclosure which will identify the third parties with whom Nexstar has shared the information we have collected from you. You may request the Notice of Information-Sharing Disclosure by writing us at Privacy Administrator, Nexstar Broadcasting Group, 5215 N. O’Connor Blvd, Suite 1400, Irving, TX 75039, via e-mail at PrivacyAdministrator@nexstar.tv or by telephone at (972) 373-8800.  We will respond to your request for a Notice of Information-Sharing Disclosure within thirty (30) days of receipt. 

**10\. Opt-Out Procedures**  
We respect your privacy and your ability to choose whether to share your personal information with us.  If you receive any communication from us that you prefer not to receive you may opt-out of receiving further communications from us.  To remove any personal information from our database or to not receive future e-mail communications from Nexstar, you may modify your contact options in your profile (if applicable) or send an e-mail to PrivacyAdministrator@nexstar.tv with the word “remove” in the subject line.  Further, if you do not want your personal information shared with third parties in the manner discussed in Section 4 “Disclosure of Information,” please notify Nexstar by telephone at (972) 373-8800, by e-mail to [PrivacyAdministrator@nexstar.tv](mailto:PrivacyAdministrator@nexstar.tv) or at the following address:  
Privacy Administrator  
Nexstar Broadcasting Group  
5215 N. O’Connor Blvd, Suite 1400  
Irving, TX 75039 

If you have registered to receive wireless short text communications from us, you may unsubscribe from this type of communication by sending the wireless number or wireless address you wish to remove from our list to [PrivacyAdministrator@nexstar.tv](mailto:PrivacyAdministrator@nexstar.tv) or to the following address:

Privacy Administrator  
Nexstar Broadcasting Group  
5215 N. O’Connor Blvd, Suite 1400  
Irving, TX 75039  

  
Further, you may “opt-out” altogether from providing us with any Personal Information by not registering on the Sites or for any Site sponsored promotion, contest or sweepstakes, etc.  Or you may choose to remove your name from our database at any time by deleting your registration profile. 

**11.  Security of Information**  
Personal information collected through the Sites is secured and maintained in a manner consistent with current industry standards. The importance of security for all personal information associated with our subscribers is of utmost concern to us. Your personal information is protected in several ways. Your personal information resides on a secure server that only selected Nexstar employees and contractors have access to via password. We encrypt your personal information and thereby prevent unauthorized parties from viewing such information when it is transmitted to us. 

In order to most efficiently serve you, credit card transactions and order fulfillment are handled by established third-party banking, processing agents and distribution institutions. They receive the information needed to verify and authorize your credit card or other payment information and to process and ship your order. Financial transactions related to your purchases from Nexstar are handled by VeriSign Inc. (http://www.verisign.com/) and LaSalle Bank (<http://www.lasallebank.com/prospect.html>).  Information relating to your financial transactions will not be maintained on Nexstar servers.  Please visit the websites of VeriSign Inc. (http://www.verisign.com/) and LaSalle Bank (http://www.lasallebank.com/prospect.html) to familiarize yourself with its terms and conditions and with its privacy policies. 

We do not and will not ever request your login information, password or credit card information in an unsecured or unsolicited email or telephone communication.  This practice is commonly know as “phishing.”  For more information about “phishing” and protecting your personal information from identity theft, you may want to visit the Federal Trade Commission at [www.ftc.gov](http://www.ftc.gov/). 

Please note, however, that no data transmission over the Internet or any wireless network can be guaranteed to be 100% secure. As a result, while we strive to protect your personal information, you acknowledge that: (a) there are security and privacy limitations of the Internet which are beyond our control; (b) the security, integrity, and privacy of any and all information and data exchanged between you and us through a Site cannot be guaranteed; and (c) any such information and data may be viewed or tampered with in transit by a third party. 

**12.  Our Commitment to Children’s Privacy**  
Protecting the privacy of the very young is especially important.  We fully comply with the requirements of the Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act with respect to all children under the age of 13.   

**13.   Contact Information**

If you have any questions or comments about our Privacy Policy please contact [PrivacyAdminstrator@nexstar.tv](mailto:PrivacyAdminstrator@nexstar.tv).

**14.   Changes to this Privacy Policy**  
Nexstar may revise this Privacy Policy over time as new features are added to the Sites or as applicable laws and standards evolve. We will post those changes prominently but we do recommend that you read this Privacy Policy each time you visit the Sites.  Any changes to our Privacy Policy will not apply retroactively to personal information that was collected before the changes to the Privacy Policy except as may be required by law. 

Effective Date: August 2009
