> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the keysurvey.com privacy policy that was archived on 2003-06-22. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20030622083748id_/http%3A//keysurvey.com/en_privacy.jsp) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Keysurvey - Survey Software, Web Survey, Survey, Customer Survey, Online Survey, Survey Companies, Email Survey

Survey Software Services will respect your wish for privacy at all times. We do not tolerate spam and will never sell, rent, or lease your details (name, address, email etc...) to any other third party. Neither will you be sent unsolicited e-mail. We may offer you the option of receiving emails or newsletter on matters of interest to you but only those who accept by clicking Yes and give us there email address to which we will request they respond with their confirmation that their wish to receive such information (called a double-opt-in in new Internet language) will be included in these communications. Survey Software Services gathers information such as your name, title, company name, address, and telephone number, fax number and, when you purchase, even credit card information.

We compile and use this information so that we may keep you apprised of new products, product enhancements and services that that we feel may be of interest to you. We only email this information to those who have completed a “double opt-in requesting such information. If, for any reason, you find you are inadvertently on such a list and did not request to be on it, go to Keysurvey User List Off and fill out the form there. We may still maintain your record in our database, but will remove you from any opt-in list we find you on. In addition, we also want to make sure that the information that we do have about you is up-to-date and accurate. Therefore if you realize that we have some inaccurate information or if you know that some of your contact information is going to change, we ask that you to correct it by e-mailing your updated information to us at [**info@keysurvey.com**](mailto:info@keysurvey.com).
