> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the leadsgate.com privacy policy that was archived on 2019-03-17. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20190317230159id_/https%3A//leadsgate.com/privacy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy Policy | LeadsGate

LeadsGate.com (the "Website" or "Site") is operated by Leadsgate Limited (“LeadsGate”, the “Company”, “We” or “Us”).

We did our best to explain our online information practices and the choices you can make about the way your information is used at our Websites. By visiting the Website or registering an affiliate account with us, you are accepting the practices described in this Privacy Policy. If you do not agree to this Privacy Policy, you are not authorized to become an Affiliate and/or use this website/service in any manner or form whatsoever. We’re committed to protecting the Privacy of our visitors' personally identifiable information.

We reserve the right to modify this Privacy Policy at any time. In case if we decide to change this Privacy Policy, we will post those changes on our Website. We encourage you to intermittently review our Privacy Policy to stay informed about how we are using the information we collect. We may collect both personally identifiable information and non-personally identifiable information from or about our users.

## Personally Identifiable Information

We collect personally identifiable information from you when you register an affiliate account with us, complete one of more stages of our affiliate application form and/or when you contact us. The types of personally identifiable information we collect include: full name, complete physical address, e-mail address, daytime, evening and telephone number, birth date, gender, education and marital status, occupation, salary range, social security number, information about home ownership, employment information, account balances and payment history, other payment information and additional information that we may request from time to time. The information described above and any other financial information requested of you shall be considered sensitive information. We collect this personally identifiable information only from those individuals/entities that choose to participate.

The company retains the submitted or collected personally information on this Website as needed to perform our services, to comply with legal obligations, to resolve disputes, and to enforce agreements. If you wish to correct factual errors in your personal information, or to update any data of your user profile, please contact us using our contact form or emailing at business@leadsgate.com.

## How We Use Personally Identifiebly Information

We use this information to process requests for products and services. We also use this information to communicate with you to notify you about recent updates of our products or services, to send you order confirmations and/or to provide you with important product warranty or safety information, to determine whether to extend you an offer to become our Affiliate, to review Website usage and operations, to address problems with the website or our business/products/services, to protect the security or integrity of the website and our business, to monitor the website for compliance with our Terms of Use and the law. We use collected personal information (other than your sensitive information) to respond to your inquiries about our products or services, and to offer you, by means of e-mail or through our newsletter, additional products, programs or services that we believe may be of interest to you. We also use the personally identifiable information you provide to us through this website in order to verify or review your application information to determine whether it meets eligibility requirements; communicate with you by email, postal mail, telephone, and/or mobile devices about products or services that may be of interest to you either from us, our marketing partners, or other third parties, display advertising tailored to your interests or background, perform data and statistical analysis on use of the website, enforce our terms and conditions, and perform any other functions otherwise described to you at the time we collect the information. We may also review your personal information to verify your identity and protect against possible fraudulent transaction. We treat personal information of our former users in the same manner as we treat personal data of our current users. If you do not wish to receive communications from us about offers and promotions, you can opt-out of receiving these communications by emailing us at business@leadsgate.com.

## Non-Personally Identifiably Information

Non-personally identifiable information is anonymous information that cannot be associated with a specific individual. The types of non-personally identifiable information that we collect (either directly, through the use of "cookies," or through the use of a third party tracking system) include: the IP address of the computer making the request; your browser type and language; access times; information about areas of the site visited by users of the site; information about the links that users may select to visit on the site. IP addresses are not usually associated with your personal computer, but with a portal through which you accessed the Internet. IP addresses are not linked to personally identifiable information. A "cookie" is a piece of information a website sends to your computer while you are viewing the website to remember who you are without personally identifying you.

We may share this non-personally identifiable information only in summary form with its suppliers and other third parties for the purpose of website statistical and trend analysis. We use the non-personally identifiable information that we collect to improve the design and content of our website and to enable us to personalize your Internet experience. We may use this information in the aggregate to analyze website usage. This information is not linked to any personally identifiable information that can identify an individual person.

In order to enhance your experience with the website, we use "cookies". "Cookies" are used by your computer's browser to store your preferences. We use both session and persistent cookies. "Cookies", by themselves, do not tell us your e-mail address or other personally identifiable or sensitive information. We use "cookies" to understand our website usage and to improve the content and offerings. You can disable "cookies" through your Internet browser. If you set your browser not to accept "cookies", you will still be able to use the website. We may use web beacons to track certain websites that you visit. Web beacons are programming codes that can be used to display an image on a web page, but can also be used to transfer your unique user identification to a database and associate you with previously acquired information about an individual in a database. This allows us to track certain websites that you visit. Web beacons are used to track behavioral habits for marketing purposes to determine products or services that you may be interested in. In addition to using web beacons on web pages, we may also use web beacons in email messages sent to individuals listed in our database.

As the use of technology on the Internet is rapidly developing, so we strongly encourages individuals to revisit this Privacy Policy for any updates regarding its use of new technology.

## Sharing your Personally Identifiable Information

Any person (agents or contractors) who have access to personal information are required to protect it in a manner that is consistent with this Privacy Policy by, for example, not using the information for any purpose other than to carry out the services they are performing for the company. In case if you access the website through third-party websites, we also may need to report certain personally identifiable information back to that referring website. We will never disclose any sensitive information to any third-party marketers or other non-governmental entity. We may disclose your personally identifiable and/or sensitive information to a governmental entity if so ordered by a court of law, to comply with the local, state and federal laws where otherwise required by law or in the good-faith belief that such action is necessary in order to conform to the edicts of the law or comply with a legal process served on our website; or if we are sold or acquired. We will not share your personal information with such third parties without your prior informed consent.

We will not sell, share, or rent your personal information. However, we may disclose information collected from and about you to third-party administrative vendors for various reasons including, without limitation, billing, delivery, and payments; if we believe that there has been a violation of the Website Terms of Use or of our rights or the rights of any third party; to respond to legal process (such as a search warrant, subpoena or court order) and provide information to law enforcement agencies or in connection with an investigation on matters related to public safety, as permitted by law, or otherwise as required by law; in the event that our company or substantially all of its assets are acquired, your personal information may be one of the transferred assets. We may also disclose your personal information with your express consent. We may share aggregate, non-personally identifiable information about the Website users with third parties.

## Third-Party Websites

The website may contain links to other websites whose information practices may be different than ours. Our Privacy Policy does not cover these third parties' use of information. We have no control over information that is submitted to, or collected by, these third parties.

We may supplement the information we collect online with outside records (e.g., information from our affiliates, subsidiaries and third party, including advertising partners) to enhance our ability to serve you, to tailor our content to you and to offer you opportunities to purchase products or services that we believe may be of interest to you. These companies may use tracking technologies, including cookies, to collect information about users of our website who view or interact with these advertisements. We may provide links or automatically redirect you to third-party websites that do not operate under this Privacy Policy. You can recognize most of our websites pages on these third-party websites by looking for the joint branding of our company and a third-party company. You should review the privacy statements and terms of use of all third-party websites you access. These third-party websites may independently solicit and collect information from you.

## Children

We encourage parents and guardians to spend time online with their children and to participate and monitor the interactive activities of their children. We will never knowingly collect any personal information about children under the age of eighteen (18). If we obtain actual knowledge that it has collected personal information about a child under the age of eighteen (18), that information will be immediately deleted from its database. And we have no such information to use or to disclose to third parties. We has designed this policy in order to comply with the Children’s Privacy Protection Act ("COPPA").

## Security

We have put in place physical, procedural, and technological security measures to help prevent unauthorized access to and improper use of the information we collect online. Only authorized employees and authorized third parties are permitted to access personally-identifiable information, and they may do so only for permitted business functions. No website or Internet network can be completely secure. Although we take steps to secure your information, we do not guarantee, and you should not expect, that your personal information, searches, or other communications will always remain secure.

## Changes

We reserve the right to change or update this Privacy Policy at any time by posting a notice on our website. If the manner in which we use personally identifiable information changes, we will notify you by posting the changes as a start-up screen prior to your subsequent use of the products and/or service offered on the website, sending the modified policy to the users via e-mail, placing a link to the modified policy on the applicable Website’s home page, or by any other reasonable means acceptable under applicable state and federal law. You will have a choice as to whether or not we use your information in this different manner. At any time that you do not agree with the changes, you must opt out from receiving future communications from us. Failure to opt out after notice of any such changes constitutes an affirmative acknowledgement and acceptance by you of the modified Privacy Policy. You should review this Privacy Policy each time you access the website as our policies, content, information, promotions, disclosures, disclaimers and features may be revised, modified, updated, and/or supplemented at any time and without prior notice at the sole and absolute discretion of LeadsGate.com.

## Opt-Out Option

If you prefer not to receive marketing information from us or wish to fully deactivate your account information, simply let us know by emailing at business@leadsgate.com. Please note that even if you chose to opt out of our marketing emails, we will continue to send you important service-related communications (e.g., order confirmation or product safety information). However, these communications will not be promotional in nature.

## Contact

If you have questions about this policy, please contact us at business@leadsgate.com 
