> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the leadlander.com privacy policy that was archived on 2015-06-12. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20150612162805id_/http%3A//www.leadlander.com/privacy.asp) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# LeadLander - Marketing Automation, Lead Generation, and Web Analytics

### LeadLander Privacy Policy

Update December 18, 2013: Privacy Policy - This Privacy Policy is fashioned similarly to Google's privacy policy at <http://www.google.com/intl/en/policies/privacy/archive/20111020/>. This Privacy Policy applies to all of the products, services and websites offered by LeadLander. Sometimes, we may post product specific privacy notices to explain our products in more detail. If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, please feel free to contact us through our website or write to us at Privacy Matters c/o LeadLander Inc. 1 Market Street, 3600 Spear Tower, San Francisco 94105, USA. We may collect the following types of information: Information you provide - When you sign up for a LeadLander Account, we ask you for personal information. We may combine the information you submit under your account with information from other LeadLander services or third parties in order to provide you with a better experience and to improve the quality of our services and to track your usage across our website. You can use the LeadLander Dashboard to learn more about information associated with your Account. Your administrator will have access to some of your account settings. Consult your administrator's privacy policy for more information. Cookies - When you visit LeadLander, we send one or more cookies to your computer or other device. We use cookies to improve the quality of our service, including logging in to the service, storing user preferences, maintaining report selection, and tracking your web page visits. We may also use cookies to personally identify you so that we can understand each individual visitor's actions on our website. LeadLander may identify you personally within LeadLander's reports based on links you have clicked in emails or information you have submitted in online web forms and associate this informaton with LeadLander cookies. If you HAVE NOT enabled "Do Not Track" functionality in your web browser, then LeadLander may continue to personally identify you in the LeadLander reports of other LeadLander customers as you visit their websites. If you HAVE enabled "Do Not Track" functionality in your web browser, then LeadLander will only personally identify you in our own LeadLander reports, used by our own employees, and will NOT personally identify you in the LeadLander reports of other LeadLander customers as you visit their websites. If you HAVE enabled "Do Not Track" fucntionality in your web browser, then your personally identifiable LeadLander cookies will expire within 48 hours. LeadLander will never share information about your page view visits on our site with other LeadLander customers. LeadLander will never sell your page view visits to any third parties. If you feel that any personal information about you that has been collected and stored by LeadLander might be wrong, or you would like for us to remove you from our systems, please notify us at support@leadlander.com so that we may correct or delete the information. Log information - When you access LeadLander via a browser, application or other client our servers automatically record certain information. These logs may include information such as your web request, your interaction with a service, Internet Protocol address, browser type, browser language, the date and time of your request and one or more cookies that may uniquely identify you, your browser or your account. User communications - When you send email or other communications to LeadLander, we may retain those communications in order to process your inquiries, respond to your requests and improve our services. Third Party Applications - LeadLander may make available third party applications, such as gadgets or extensions, through its services. The information collected by LeadLander when you enable a third party application is processed under this Privacy Policy. Information collected by the third party application provider is governed by their privacy policies. Location data - LeadLander offers location-based services. LeadLander may receive information about your actual location or information that can be used to approximate a location. Other sites - This Privacy Policy applies to LeadLander's services only. We do not exercise control over the sites displayed as search results, sites that include LeadLander's applications, products or services, or links from within our various services. These other sites may place their own cookies or other files on your computer, collect data or solicit personal information from you. In addition to the above, we may use the information we collect to: Provide, maintain, protect, and improve our services and develop new services; and Protect the rights or property of LeadLander or our users. If we use this information in a manner different than the purpose for which it was collected, then we will ask for your consent prior to such use. LeadLander processes all information on hosted servers in the United States of America. You can use the LeadLander Dashboard to review and control the information stored in your LeadLander Account. Most browsers are initially set up to accept cookies, but you can reset your browser to refuse all cookies or to indicate when a cookie is being sent. However, LeadLander features and services will not function properly if your cookies are disabled. Information security We take appropriate security measures to protect against unauthorized access to or unauthorized alteration, disclosure or destruction of data. These include internal reviews of our data collection, storage and processing practices and security measures, including appropriate encryption and physical security measures to guard against unauthorized access to systems where we store personal data. We restrict access to account information to LeadLander employees, contractors and agents who need to know that information in order to process it on our behalf. These individuals are bound by confidentiality obligations and may be subject to discipline, including termination and criminal prosecution, if they fail to meet these obligations. Accessing and updating account information When you use LeadLander's services, we make good faith efforts to provide you with access to your account information and either to correct any data if it is inaccurate or to delete such data at your request if it is not otherwise required to be retained by law or for legitimate business purposes. We ask individual users to identify themselves and the information requested to be accessed, corrected or removed before processing such requests, and we may decline to process requests that are unreasonably repetitive or systematic, require disproportionate technical effort, jeopardize the privacy of others, or would be extremely impractical (for instance, requests concerning information residing on backup tapes), or for which access is not otherwise required. In any case where we provide information access and correction, we perform this service free of charge, except if doing so would require a disproportionate effort. Because of the way we maintain certain services, after you delete your information, residual copies may take a period of time before they are deleted from our active servers and may remain in our backup systems. Please review the service Help Centers for more information. LeadLander regularly reviews its compliance with this Privacy Policy. When we receive formal written complaints, it is LeadLander's policy to contact the complaining user regarding his or her concerns. We will cooperate with the appropriate regulatory authorities, including local data protection authorities, to resolve any complaints regarding the transfer of personal data that cannot be resolved between LeadLander and an individual. Changes to this Privacy Policy Please note that this Privacy Policy may change from time to time. We will not reduce your rights under this Privacy Policy without your explicit consent. We will post any Privacy Policy changes on this page and, if the changes are significant, we will provide a more prominent notice (including, for certain services, email notification of Privacy Policy changes). We will also keep prior versions of this Privacy Policy in an archive for your review. 
