> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the leadnetpro.com privacy policy that was archived on 2011-12-03. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20111203223903id_/http%3A//www.leadnetpro.com/privacy.php) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# LeadNetPro Privacy

**LeadNetPro Privacy Policy** Protecting your privacy is important to us. We hope the following statement will help you understand how LeadNetPro.com collects, uses and safeguards the personal information you provide to us on our site. **Names & Email Addresses & Other Personal Information Collected Online**  
When consumers browse our Web site, we may collect their information when they have filled out one of our forms or have contacted us? Personal information that is collected would be submitted by the consumer in regards to receiving a free report or participating in a survey. Personal information would also be collected from consumers who order from our website and it would also be collected from individuals who participate in our affiliate program. **Your Collected Information Is Protected**  
Any personal information that is collected online through our website is always kept private. At no time will your personal information ever be shared, sold or viewed by a third party at anytime. We value your privacy and have taken measures to assure that your information remains private. **Receiving Communications From Our Website**  
When personal information is collected from our website, the individual who has entered their information is agreeing to receive emails from our website from time to time. These emails may contain specials, newsletters, free reports, free giveaways, etc. When receiving these emails, the individual understands that they have granted us permission to send such emails when they have fill out our our online forms, have purchased from us or have become an affiliate of our website. **Questions Regarding Our Privacy Policy**  
If a customer has a question regarding our privacy policy or want further information about our privacy policy, they may contact us by using our contact form located on our website for an immediate response. When contacting us please describe your question or concern completely in the text body of the email. **How We Protect Your Information Online**  
When and individual fills out a form on or website or participates in our member/affiliate program, their personal information which is collected is stored directly to the servers database. All databases are firewalled, secured and password protected assuring your information remains secure. When placing an order on our website with payment, all orders are process through ssl secure web pages through our secure payment gateway. This information is only collected for the sole purpose of processing your order and remains secure through our merchant's database. **Changes Made To Our Privacy Policy**  
From time to time, we make changes to our privacy policy. All changes to our privacy policy will be posted here, and it is the consumer's responsibility to frequently check our privacy policy for such changes.
