> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the leaderconfessions.com privacy policy that was archived on 2012-05-24. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20120524054523id_/http%3A//leaderconfessions.com/privacy-policy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy Policy

Leaderconfessions.com strives to offer its visitors the many advantages of Internet technology and to provide an interactive and personalized experience. We may use Personally Identifiable Information (your name, e-mail address, street address, telephone number) subject to the terms of this privacy policy. We will never sell, barter, or rent your email address to any unauthorized third party. Period.

**Governing Law  
**This policy and the use of this Site are governed by Florida law. If a dispute arises under this Policy we agree to first try to resolve it with the help of a mutually agreed-upon mediator in the following location: Orlando, FL. Any costs and fees other than attorney fees associated with the mediation will be shared equally by each of us.

If it proves impossible to arrive at a mutually satisfactory solution through mediation, we agree to submit the dispute to binding arbitration at the following location: Orlando, FL, under the rules of the American Arbitration Association. Judgment upon the award rendered by the arbitration may be entered in any court with jurisdiction to do so. Leaderconfessions.com is controlled, operated and administered entirely within Florida. This statement and the policies outlined herein are not intended to and do not create any contractual or other legal rights in or on behalf of any party.  
**  
How we gather information from users**  
How we collect and store information depends on the page you are visiting, the activities in which you elect to participate and the services provided. For example, you may be asked to provide information when you register for access to certain portions of our site or request certain features, such as newsletters or when you make a purchase. You may provide information when you participate in sweepstakes and contests, message boards and chat rooms, and other interactive areas of our site. Like most Web sites, Leaderconfessions.com also collects information automatically and through the use of electronic tools that may be transparent to our visitors.

For example, we may log the name of your Internet Service Provider or use cookie technology to recognize you and hold information from your visit. Among other things, the cookie may store your user name and password, sparing you from having to re-enter that information each time you visit, or may control the number of times you encounter a particular advertisement while visiting our site. As we adopt additional technology, we may also gather information through other means. In certain cases, you can choose not to provide us with information, for example by setting your browser to refuse to accept cookies, but if you do you may be unable to access certain portions of the site or may be asked to re-enter your user name and password, and we may not be able to customize the site’s features according to your preferences.
