> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the leafscience.com privacy policy that was archived on 2019-12-07. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20191207222335id_/https%3A//www.leafscience.com/privacy-policy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy Policy

Last revised: March 20, 2019. 

## Who we are

Lifted is an on-line distributor of cannabidiol products, bongs, vapes and related accessories and services headquartered in Canada. This privacy policy applies to personal information collected by Lifted Innovations, Inc. and/or any of its affiliates (“Lifted”, “us” or ‘we”) through our websites (which at present include Lifted.com, LiftedCBD.com, LeafScience.com, LiftedVaporizers.com, NamasteVaporizers.com and EveryoneDoesIt.com) and our applications which can be downloaded to a mobile device and used to access Lifted websites and/or services (“Apps”). Please read this policy carefully prior to providing us with your personal information because by doing so, you, as visitor or user of our websites or Apps (“You”) will be agreeing to our collection, use, disclosure and retention of the information in the ways and for the purposes described in this policy. You are also agreeing to the collection, use, and storage of your personal information in the United States. If You provide us with personal information about someone other than You (a home address for example) we will understand You to have that person’s permission or otherwise the right to do so. We reserve the right to take appropriate action, including reporting to applicable authorities, to prevent or manage a breach of this policy or of an individual’s privacy. **How this policy works.** To avoid information overload while making available information You may want to decide whether to provide us with your personal information, this policy contains links to a more in-depth description of various aspects of our privacy practices. If You want more information about a topic, just click on the link. If You still can’t find the information You are looking for, You can contact our privacy staff at support@lifted.com. 

## THE DATA WE COLLECT ABOUT YOU

We collect information from our interactions with You and indirectly through the electronic means that include cookies. The types of personal information we collect depends in large part on what You ask us to do. We collect names, email or postal addresses and/or phone numbers to respond to inquiries and process and deliver our products and services. We collect financial information to process payment. We may collect other types of personal information from time to time where it is required to comply with our legal obligations including keeping our accounts and other business records. You can control most of the personal information You make available to us, with the understanding that we may not be able to respond or complete any particular transaction if You decline to provide us with certain personal information. We will generally collect your personal information directly from You, but may receive it from someone placing an order for You (with your knowledge or without – for example in the case of a gift). **Use of Cookies**. We collect information indirectly through various types of “cookies”. Cookies are small text files that are sent to and stored on your computer, smartphone, tablet or other device whenever You use our websites or Apps. We use different types of cookies for different purposes including to monitor our website traffic, maintain the integrity of your browsing activities on our websites, and improve your experience by doing away with the need to repetitively enter the same information. Although You can use certain features of our websites if You choose to disable cookies on your computer, others require cookies to function securely and correctly. General information on cookies, including how to disable them can be found on aboutcookies.org. **Session Cookies**. Session cookies last only for the duration of your visit and are deleted when you close your browser. They are essential for secure user navigation through a website while enabling the delivery of basic functionality. Specifically they ensure the security and integrity of your session, preventing fraudulent use and keeping you signed in while you move between pages and service your account. **Persistent Cookies**. Persistent cookies last after you have closed your browser, and allow us to remember your actions and website preferences. We use persistent cookies to analyse customer visits to our websites. These cookies help us to understand how customers arrive at and use our web sites so we can improve the overall on-line experience. **Analytics Cookies**. Finally, we use analytics cookies to help us make our websites even better for those who visit them regularly. This type of cookie helps us to further understand how individual visitors use our on-line services and allows us to improve the overall service and products offered to you. The information we collect through cookies includes the webpages or parts of our website that You have shown a particular interest in, visited multiple times, and/or spent the most amount of time on, as well as information about certain interactions You have had on those pages. This information may or may not identify You depending on your IP address. As an online company, we collect this information to assess which various features of our websites are valuable to our customers and where there is room for improvement. If You have an account with one of our website and you log into one of our websites that requires an account, we will set a temporary cookie to determine if your browser accepts cookies. This cookie contains no personal data and is discarded when you close your browser. When you log in, we will also set up several cookies to save your login information and your screen display choices. Login cookies last for two days, and screen options cookies last for a year. If you select “Remember Me”, your login will persist for two weeks. If you log out of your account, the login cookies will be removed. If you edit or publish any content on one of our websites, an additional cookie will be saved in your browser. This cookie includes no personal data and simply indicates the post ID of the article you just edited. It expires after 1 day. **Use of Google Analytics**. Although we generally carry out analytics on our websites ourselves, we sometimes use Google Analytics to assist us. Google Analytics may collect Your personal information for its use in the course of providing its services to us. Users who visit this website and have javascript enabled are tracked through Google Analytics.  Google Analytics collects information anonymously and reports website trends to us without identifying individual visitors.  Google Analytics collects a variety of information from users, including  the Internet protocol (IP address) that is used to connect your computer to the Internet (which it does not report to us), your Internet service provider (ISP), browser type, type of operating system, the full Uniform Resource Locator (URL) clickstream to, through, and from our website, including date and time, cookie, the length of time you spend on particular pages, which links you click while on our site, and similar site visit information.  Google Analytics data is shared with Google. For more information on Google Analytics or to opt-out of having your information shared through Google Analytics, visit: <https://www.termsfeed.com/blog/privacy-policy-google-analytics/>.  For more information on Google’s privacy policy, visit <https://policies.google.com/privacy?hl=en> **Interactive Features, Public Spaces, Comments, Other Websites.** Our website and Apps may offer You the option of chatting on-line with one of our staff members, posting information on parts of our websites that are open to the public (a discussion forum, bulletin board or blog), or providing us with comments. Use of any of these features is optional and governed by our website terms and conditions of use posted on our websites. Please review the terms and conditions carefully and use caution and discretion when choosing to make information available on the public parts of our website. Under no circumstances should You provide any personal information, including financial information, when using these features. We cannot control the collection or use of information You choose to make available on the public parts of our websites by individuals outside of Lifted. We may provide links to websites not operated by Lifted and over which we have no control. You use such links entirely at your own risk: Lifted will not be liable in any way for the content, availability, or use of third party websites. **Comments**. When visitors leave comments on our websites we collect the data shown in the comments form, and also the visitor’s IP address and browser user agent string to help spam detection. An anonymized string created from your email address (also called a hash) may be provided to the Gravatar service to see if you are using it. The Gravatar service privacy policy is available here: <https://automattic.com/privacy/>. After approval of your comment, your profile picture is visible to the public in the context of your comment. If you leave a comment on our site you may opt-in to saving your name, email address and website in cookies. These are for your convenience so that you do not have to fill in your details again when you leave another comment. These cookies will last for 1 year. **Media**. If you upload images to the website, you should avoid uploading images with embedded location data (EXIF GPS) included. Visitors to the website can download and extract any location data from images on the website. **Embedded content from other websites**. Our websites may contain content that is supplied by a third party, and those third parties may collect usage information and your device identifier when pages from the Websites are served to you.  In addition, when you are on the Websites you may be directed to other services that are operated and controlled by third parties that we do not control.  We are not responsible for the data collection and privacy practices employed by any of these third parties or their services and they may be tracking you across multiple websites and may be sharing the results of that tracking with us and/or others.  For example, if you “click” on a link, the “click” may take you off the Websites onto a different websites.  These other websites may associate their Tracking Technologies with you, independently collect data about you, including personal information, and may or may not have their own published privacy policies.  Third-party applications may also be available via the Websites.  The owners of these applications may collect personal information and other data from you and may have their own policies and practices.  We are not responsible for how third-party or their applications collect or use your information and they may be tracking you across multiple websites and may be sharing the results of that tracking with us and/or others.  These third-party owners may have their own terms of service, privacy policies or other policies and ask you to agree to the same.  Be sure to review any available policies before submitting any personally identifiable information to a third-party application or otherwise interacting with it and exercise caution in connection with these applications. **HOW WE USE YOUR INFORMATION**

  * To improve our products and your experience on Lifted.
  * To contact you regarding products and services which may be of interest to you, provided you have given us consent to do so or you have previously requested a product or service from us and the communication is relevant or related to that prior request and made within any timeframes established by applicable laws.
  * To provide you products or services that you request from us.
  * To combat Fraud and Abuse Prevention and Credit Risks. ** ** We use your personal information to prevent and detect fraud and abuse in order to protect the security of our customers, Lifted, and others. We may also use scoring methods to assess and manage credit risks.
  * To communicate and fulfill orders for products and services that you requested from us your information will be shared with our fulfilment and distribution partners, the following information will be shared (email address, name, address, email address and phone number).



**Who gets to see your personal information.** Third party partners such as marketing firms, distribution partners and select partners. For clarity, by using our websites and/or Apps, You are agreeing that in certain circumstances we may be obliged to disclose your personal information to third parties in order to detect or prevent fraud or other breaches of the law and You hereby agree that this serves as your notice of such disclosure. For users that register on our websites, we store the personal information they provide in their user profile. All users can see and edit their personal information at any time (although some information cannot be changed, for example usernames). Our website administrators can also see and edit that information. **How long we retain personal information.** We will only retain your personal information for as long as necessary to fulfil our business purposes but not longer than 7 years. As noted earlier, we store personal information in the United States and Canada. **HOW WE SECURE YOUR INFORMATION** We use commercially reasonable security measures to protect personal information we collect that comply with applicable law, however by no means are totally secure.  No data transmission over the Internet, mobile networks, wireless transmission or electronic storage of information can be guaranteed to be 100% secure. Please note that You use our Service and provide us with your information at your own risk. At Lifted, security is our highest priority. We design our systems with your security and privacy in mind. 

  * We follow industry standards on information security management to safeguard sensitive information, such as financial information, intellectual property, employee details and any other personal information entrusted to us. Our information security systems apply to people, processes and information technology systems on a risk management basis.
  * We perform annual audits to ensure our handling of your credit card information aligns with industry guidelines. We are certified as a PCI DSS Level 1 compliant service provider, which is the highest level of compliance available, and our platform is audited annually by a third-party qualified security assessor.
  * No method of transmission over the Internet, or method of electronic storage, is 100% secure. Therefore, we cannot guarantee the absolute security of your personal information.



**DISCLOSURE OF YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION  ** We may have to share your personal information for the purposes set out below.  We require third parties to respect the security of your personal information and to treat it in accordance with applicable law. _External Third Parties.   _We may use third-party vendors to perform certain services on behalf of us, such as recruitment services, hosting our website, designing and/or operating website features, tracking website activities and analytics, or perform other administrative services.  We may provide these vendors with access to user information, including device identifiers and personal information, to carry out the services they are performing for You or for us. Third-party analytics and other service providers may set and access their own tracking technologies on your device and they may otherwise collect or have access to information, potentially including personal information, about You.  We may share your information with external third parties when we are required to do so by applicable law. _Affiliated Parties.   _We may share your information with our affiliates. _Business Transactions_.  We may share your information with third parties to whom we may choose to sell, transfer, or merge parts of our business or our assets. Alternatively, we may seek to acquire other businesses or merge with them. If a change happens to our business, then the new owners may use your personal information in the same way as set out in this Privacy Policy. _Legal Process_. Subject to applicable law, we may disclose information about You (i) if we are required to do so by applicable law or legal process, such as a subpoena; (ii) in response to requests by government entities, such as law enforcement authorities; (iii) when we believe disclosure is necessary or appropriate to prevent physical, financial or other harm, injury or loss; or (iv) in connection with an investigation of suspected or actual unlawful activity. **Access and Correction, Contact for Privacy Staff.** Except in limited circumstances, You can obtain access to your personal information in our records and information about how we have used and disclosed the information. If You believe there is an error or omission in your personal information, You can ask us to correct. Requests for access or correction must be made in writing and delivered to: Subject Access Request (SARS), Lifted Innovations, Inc., 1600 – 100 King Street West, Toronto, ON, M5X 1G5. If we do not feel able to make a correction, we will make a note in the record that the correction was requested but not made. Please note that we are not able to remove information we are required to keep for administrative, legal, or security purposes. You can contact our privacy staff at: support@lifted.com **CHANGES TO THE PRIVACY NOTICE** We may, in our sole discretion, update this Privacy Policy periodically without prior notice to You to reflect changes in our information practices or with respect to applicable laws.  We will post the updated version on our websites and indicate at the top of the Privacy Policy when it was last updated.  Please revisit this page periodically to stay aware of any changes to this Privacy Policy.  In the event that the modifications materially alter your rights or obligations hereunder, we will make commercially reasonable efforts to notify You of the change.  For example, we may send a message to your email address, if we have one on file, or generate a pop-up or similar notifications after such material changes are made.  Our amended Privacy Policy will automatically take effect upon the date that an update is published.  If You do not agree with any changes to the Privacy Policy, You should cease using the websites.  Your continued use of the websites after the revised or updated Privacy Policy has become effective indicates that You have read, understood and agreed to the then-current version of the Privacy Policy. **CHILDREN** Our websites are not directed to children and does not provide services to children, or knowingly collect or solicit personal information from children under 13 years of age. **YOUR CALIFORNIA PRIVACY RIGHTS** We do not share information collected by us about You with third parties for those third parties’ direct marketing purposes. We do not track our users and visitors over time and across third party websites to provide targeted advertising. Consequently, we do not respond to Do Not Track (DNT) signals. Other third party websites may keep track of your browsing activities when they provide You with content, which enables them to customize what they present to You on their websites. 
