> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the leap13.com privacy policy that was archived on 2019-03-27. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20190327034855id_/https%3A//leap13.com/privacy-policy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy Policy - Leap13 - WordPress Themes | WordPress Plugins | Web Design

## Who we are

Leap13 is a digital marketing agency headquartered  in Cairo, Egypt, however we have been conducting global operations since established.

Our main website address is: https://leap13.com

## What personal data we collect and why we collect it

### Comments

When visitors leave comments on the site we collect the data shown in the comments form, and also the visitor’s IP address and browser user agent string to help spam detection.

An anonymized string created from your email address (also called a hash) may be provided to the Gravatar service to see if you are using it. The Gravatar service privacy policy is available here: https://automattic.com/privacy/. After approval of your comment, your profile picture is visible to the public in the context of your comment.

### Media

If you upload images to the website, you should avoid uploading images with embedded location data (EXIF GPS) included. Visitors to the website can download and extract any location data from images on the website.

### Testimonials

We display customer testimonials on our website in addition to other endorsements. With your consent, we may post your testimonial along with your name. If you wish to update or delete your testimonial, you can contact us at https://my.leap13.com/contact-support/

### Contact forms

When a you fill and submit a contact form we may store the data you voluntarily provided in our CRM app or support ticket system app in order to handle your request and be able to contact you back whenever needed.

### Cookies

If you leave a comment on our site you may opt-in to saving your name, email address and website in cookies. These are for your convenience so that you do not have to fill in your details again when you leave another comment. These cookies will last for one year.

If you have an account and you log in to this site, we will set a temporary cookie to determine if your browser accepts cookies. This cookie contains no personal data and is discarded when you close your browser.

When you log in, we will also set up several cookies to save your login information and your screen display choices. Login cookies last for two days, and screen options cookies last for a year. If you select “Remember Me”, your login will persist for two weeks. If you log out of your account, the login cookies will be removed.

If you edit or publish an article, an additional cookie will be saved in your browser. This cookie includes no personal data and simply indicates the post ID of the article you just edited. It expires after 1 day.

### Embedded content from other websites

Articles on this site may include embedded content (e.g. videos, images, articles, etc.). Embedded content from other websites behaves in the exact same way as if the visitor has visited the other website.

These websites may collect data about you, use cookies, embed additional third-party tracking, and monitor your interaction with that embedded content, including tracing your interaction with the embedded content if you have an account and are logged in to that website.

### Google Analytics

This website uses Google Analytics, a web analytics service provided by Google, Inc. (“Google”). Google Analytics uses “cookies”, which are text files placed on your computer, to help the website analyze how users use the site. The information generated by the cookie about your use of the website (including your IP address) will be transmitted to and stored by Google on servers in the United States. Google will use this information for the purpose of evaluating your use of the website, compiling reports on website activity for website operators and providing other services relating to website activity and internet usage. Google may also transfer this information to third parties where required to do so by law, or where such third parties process the information on Google’s behalf. Google will not associate your IP address with any other data held by Google. You may refuse the use of cookies by selecting the appropriate settings on your browser, however, please note that if you do this you may not be able to use the full functionality of this website. By using this website, you consent to the processing of data about you by Google in the manner and for the purposes set out above. More information on Google analytics opt-out.

## Who we share your data with

We may share your information (identifiable or non-identifiable) in the event of:

  * Developers: We may send your data to developers whose products are presented on our website when you buy one of these products, in order to generate a license and link it to your profile. You can find information on how developers use personal data you provide to them in their privacy policy.
  * Business Transfers: Customer information belongs to the Company’s business assets. Therefore when the Company becomes owned by a third-party as the result of a merger, acquisition, reorganization, or bankruptcy, customer information is passed to this third party as well.
  * Protection of the Company and Others: It may be necessary − by law, legal process, litigation, and/or requests from public and governmental authorities and institutions to disclose your Personal Information. We may also disclose information about you if we determine that such disclosure is necessary or appropriate for purposes of national security, law enforcement, or other issues of public importance.
  * We may also disclose information about you if we determine that disclosure is reasonably necessary to enforce our terms and conditions or protect our operations or users.



With Your Consent: You will be informed about other possible cases of sharing your Personal Information, and will have the right to prevent this.  
We do not sell, rent, or trade your Personal Information to anyone.

## How long we retain your data

If you leave a comment, the comment and its metadata are retained indefinitely. This is so we can recognize and approve any follow-up comments automatically instead of holding them in a moderation queue.

For users that register on our website (if any), we also store the personal information they provide in their user profile. All users can see, edit, or delete their personal information at any time (except they cannot change their username). Website administrators can also see and edit that information.

## What rights you have over your data

If you have an account on this site, or have left comments, you can request to receive an exported file of the personal data we hold about you, including any data you have provided to us. You can also request that we erase any personal data we hold about you. This does not include any data we are obliged to keep for administrative, legal, or security purposes.

## Where we send your data

  * Visitor comments may be checked through an automated spam detection service.
  * Customers support tickets and it’s details may be stored in our secure servers.
  * Feedback forms content are sent to appropriate agent’s email address to check and respond.



## Additional information

### How we protect your data

We take appropriate technical and organisational measures to secure your information and to protect it against unauthorised or unlawful use and accidental loss or destruction, including:

  * only sharing and providing access to your information to the minimum extent necessary, subject to confidentiality restrictions where appropriate, and on an anonymised basis wherever possible;
  * using secure servers to store your information;
  * verifying the identity of any individual who requests access to information prior to granting them access to information;
  * and using Secure Sockets Layer (SSL) software or other similar encryption technologies to protect the transfer of data and information.



### What data breach procedures we have in place

A “personal data breach” is defined as “a breach of security leading to the accidental or unlawful destruction, loss, alteration, unauthorised disclosure of, or access to, personal data transmitted, stored or otherwise processed.”

In the event of a personal data breach, we notify the competent supervisory authority within 72 hours after we become aware of it.

### What third parties we receive data from

We Collect data from the fowlloing 3rd party websites:

  * WordPress.org: We may collect public user testimonials written by users about our products.
  * Envato.com (and its related marketplace websites): We may collect public user testimonials written by users about our products.
  * Facebook.com and other social networks: We may collect users comments and feedback about our products.


