> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the learnstreet.com privacy policy that was archived on 2013-08-06. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20130806020339id_/http%3A//www.learnstreet.com/privacy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# LearnStreet Privacy Policy

Welcome to the web site and online services (the “Website”) operated by LearnStreet, Inc., a 501(c)(3) organization (“LearnStreet”). LearnStreet values the privacy of our members and others who visit and use the Website (individually, “You” or collectively, “Users”). We take your privacy seriously and make it a priority to protect personally identifiable information that we obtain from and about individuals both online and off-line.

This Privacy Policy describes what information we gather from you, how we use that information, and what we do to protect it. By using the Website (whether or not you are a registered member), you expressly consent to the information handling practices described in this policy. If you do not want information about you to be used in the manner set forth in this Privacy Policy, please do not use the Website.

This Privacy Policy is incorporated into and is subject to the [LearnStreet Terms of Service](https://web.archive.org/terms). Your use of the Website and any personal information you provide on the Website are subject to the terms of this Privacy Policy and [LearnStreet’s Terms of Service](https://web.archive.org/terms).

#### The Information LearnStreet Collects:

  1. **User-provided Information:**  When you browse and use the Website, you may provide to LearnStreet what is generally called “personally identifiable” information (such as your name, password, gender, email address, postal mailing address, home/mobile telephone number). You will also be able to add a picture of yourself. If you decide to register through or otherwise grant access to a third party social networking or authentication service that we may make available (“Authentication Service”), such as Facebook Connect or Google, LearnStreet may also collect such “personally identifiable” information that you have provided to the Authentication Service from the account you have with the Authentication Service. You may revoke LearnStreet’s access to your account on the Authentication Service at any time by updating the appropriate settings in the account preferences of the respective Authentication Service. From time to time, LearnStreet may also ask you optionally to provide other information. If you choose to provide such information, during registration or otherwise, you are giving LearnStreet the permission to use and store it consistent with this policy. Therefore, please understand that when you sign in with LearnStreet, you are not anonymous to us.
  2. **“Cookies” Information:**  When you visit the Website, whether or not you are a registered member, we may send one or more cookies – small text files containing a string of alphanumeric characters – to your computer. Cookies remember information about your activities on a website. LearnStreet may use both session cookies and persistent cookies. A session cookie disappears after you close your browser. A persistent cookie remains after you close your browser and may be used by your browser on subsequent visits to the Website. Persistent cookies can be removed. Please review your web browser “Help” file to learn the proper way to modify your cookie settings. However, without cookies you will not have access to certain services on the Website. Third party advertisements displayed in connection with the Website may also contain cookies set by internet advertisers. We do not control these cookies and users of the Website should check the privacy policy of the advertiser to see whether and how it uses cookies.
  3. **“Automatically Collected” Information:**  When you use the Website, we may automatically record certain information from your browser by using different types of technology, including standard log files, “clear gifs” or “web beacons.” This “automatically collected” information may include your Internet Protocol (IP) address, browser type, internet service provider (ISP), referring or exit pages, click stream data, operating system and the dates and times that you visit the Website. Additionally, we may record certain information regarding your use of features LearnStreet may make available on the Website, such as the number of problems you have attempted, the number of videos you have viewed and the amount of time spent to complete a problem.
  4. **Third Party Web Beacons:**  We may also implement third party content, such as advertising, on the Website that uses “clear gifs,” “web beacons,” or other similar techniques, which allow the third party content provider to read and write cookies to your browser, or implement similar tracking mechanisms, in connection with your viewing of that third party content displayed on the Website. This information is collected directly by the third party, and LearnStreet does not participate in that data transmission. Information collected by third parties in this manner is subject to that third party’s own data collection, use, and disclosure policies.
  5. **Information from Other Sources:**  We may also obtain information, including personally identifiable information, from third parties and sources other than the Website. If we combine or associate information from other sources with personally identifiable information that we collect through the Website, we will treat the combined information as personally identifiable information in accordance with this Privacy Policy.



#### The Way LearnStreet Uses Information:

  1. LearnStreet uses the information that you provide or that we collect in order to establish and enhance our relationship with you. LearnStreet generally uses the information you provide or that we collect to operate, maintain, enhance, and provide all of the features and services found on the Website. If you have given LearnStreet consent, we may use your personally identifiable information to provide you with information about LearnStreet’s features, services and other offerings that may be of interest to you. We may also send information or offers to groups of users on behalf of other businesses. Under certain circumstances (for example if you win a contest) we may post your personally identifiable information on the Website. However, we will notify you of this possibility when collecting personally identifiable information or we will obtain your consent. We may share your personally identifiable information with certain other websites that we link to (and that you click upon) in order to enhance your experience in connection with the Website.
  2. LearnStreet uses all of the information that you provide or that we collect from Users to understand and analyze the usage trends and preferences of our Users, to improve the way the Website works and looks, and to create new features and functionality.
  3. LearnStreet may use “cookies” information to: (a) remember your information so that you will not have to re-enter it during your visit or the next time you visit the Website; (b) provide customized third-party advertisements, content, and information; (c) monitor the effectiveness of third-party marketing campaigns; (d) monitor aggregate site usage metrics such as total number of visitors and pages viewed; and (e) track your entries, submissions, and status in any promotions or other activities.
  4. If you have registered as a member and given LearnStreet consent, we may share your personally identifiable information with advertisers, business partners, and other entities that are not affiliated with LearnStreet who would like to send you information about their products and services. We do not share personally identifiable information with other third-party organizations for their marketing or promotional use without your consent or except as part of a specific program or feature for which you will have the ability to opt-in.
  5. LearnStreet’s employees, agents and contractors must have a legitimate business reason to obtain access to the personally identifiable information you may provide to register as a member of LearnStreet. We may share your personally identifiable information with companies that provide services to us, including outside contractors or agents who help us manage our information activities (for example, contest and sweepstakes administration), but they may only use your personally identifiable information to provide us with a specific service and not for any other purpose.



#### When LearnStreet Discloses Information:

  1. LearnStreet discloses automatically collected and other aggregate non-personally-identifiable information with interested third parties to assist such parties in understanding the usage, viewing, and demographic patterns for certain programs, content, services, advertisements, promotions, and/or functionality on the Website.
  2. LearnStreet enables you to share your User Postings with other Users of the Website, such as Users of the Website that you choose to register as your Coach and Users associated with your Educational Organization. LearnStreet may also permit you to share your User Postings publicly on the Website. If your User Postings are shared with other Users, any personally identifiable information that you choose to include in, or is associated with, such User Postings will be accessible by such Users. Once you make your personally identifiable information available to others in any of these ways, it may be collected and used by the recipients without restriction.
  3. LearnStreet enables Users to share information and resources. If you are a User subscribing to the Website and you consent, LearnStreet may disclose certain personally identifiable information to other Users of the Website, such as Users registered as Coaches and Users associated with your Educational Organization. If you consent, LearnStreet may also share information about your use of certain Website features with other Users of the Website, such as sharing your activity history with your Coach or Users associated with your Educational Organization.
  4. LearnStreet may also disclose User information if required to do so by law or in the good-faith belief that such action is necessary to comply with state and federal laws (such as U.S. Copyright law) or respond to a court order, judicial or other government subpoena, or warrant. In some cases, we may make such disclosures without first providing notice to Users.
  5. LearnStreet also reserves the right to disclose User information that we believe, in good faith, is appropriate or necessary to take precautions against liability; protect LearnStreet from fraudulent, abusive, or unlawful uses; to investigate and defend ourselves against any third-party claims or allegations; to assist government enforcement agencies; to protect the security or integrity of the Website; or to protect the rights, property, or personal safety of LearnStreet, our Users, or others.
  6. In the event that LearnStreet is acquired by or merged with a third-party entity, we reserve the right, in any of these circumstances, to transfer or assign the information that we have collected from Users as part of such merger, acquisition, sale, or other change of control.



#### Your Choices:

You may, of course, decline to share your personally-identifiable information with LearnStreet, in which case LearnStreet will not be able to provide to you some of the features and functionality found on the Website. If you register as a member of LearnStreet, you may update, correct, or delete your profile information and preferences at any time by going to your account settings page.

To protect your privacy and security, we take reasonable steps to verify your identity before granting you account access or making corrections to your information. YOU ARE RESPONSIBLE FOR MAINTAINING THE SECRECY OF YOUR UNIQUE PASSWORD AND ACCOUNT INFORMATION AT ALL TIMES.

#### Third-Party Advertisers, Links to Other Sites:

The Website may be linked to internet websites operated by other companies. Some of these websites may be co-branded with our name or logo, even though they are not operated or maintained by us. LearnStreet may also permit other companies, called third-party ad servers or ad networks, to serve advertisements within the Website. These third-party ad servers or ad networks may use technology to send, directly to your browser, some of the advertisements and links that appear on the Website. These advertisers may automatically receive your IP address if this happens. These advertisers may also use other technologies (such as cookies, JavaScript, or Web Beacons) to measure the effectiveness of their advertisements and to personalize the advertising content.

You should consult the respective privacy policies of these third-party websites and third party ad servers or ad networks. LearnStreet’s privacy policy does not apply to, and we cannot control the activities of, such other third party advertisers or web sites. Please be aware that LearnStreet does not warn you when you have chosen to link through to another website from the Website.

#### Our Commitment to Children’s Privacy:

Protecting the privacy of young children is especially important. For that reason, LearnStreet does not knowingly collect or maintain personally identifiable information on the Website from persons under 13 years-of-age unless LearnStreet reasonably believes the child’s parent has consented to the use of the Website. If LearnStreet learns that personally-identifiable information of persons less than 13-years-of-age has been collected on the Website without parental consent, then LearnStreet will take the appropriate steps to delete this information. If you are a parent or guardian and discover that your child under the age of 13 has a registered account with the Website, then you may alert LearnStreet at [privacy@LearnStreet.co](mailto:privacy@LearnStreet.com)m and request that LearnStreet delete that child’s personal information from its systems. 

#### Our Commitment to Data Security:

LearnStreet uses certain physical, managerial, and technical safeguards to preserve the integrity and security of your personal information. We cannot, however, ensure or warrant the security of any information you transmit to LearnStreet, and you do so at your own risk. Once we receive your transmission of information, LearnStreet makes commercially reasonable efforts to ensure the security of our systems. However, please note that this is not a guarantee that such information may not be accessed, disclosed, altered, or destroyed by breach of any of our physical, technical, or managerial safeguards.

If LearnStreet learns of a security systems breach, then we may attempt to notify you electronically so that you can take appropriate protective steps. LearnStreet may post a notice on the Website if a security breach occurs. Depending on where you live, you may have a legal right to receive notice of a security breach in writing.

#### International Visitors:

The Website is intended solely for visitors located within the United States. If you nonetheless choose to use the Website from the European Union or other regions of the world with laws governing data collection and use that may differ from U.S. law, then please note that you are transferring your personally identifiable information outside of those regions to the United States and by providing your personally identifiable information on the Website you consent to that transfer.

#### Changes and Updates to this Privacy Policy:

This Privacy Policy may be revised periodically without further notice to you and this will be reflected by a “Last Updated” date above. Please revisit this page to stay aware of any changes. Your continued use of the Website constitutes your agreement to this Privacy Policy and any future revisions.

#### Contact Information:

Please contact LearnStreet with any questions or comments about this Privacy Policy, your personal information, our third-party disclosure practices, or your consent choices by email at [privacy@LearnStreet.com](mailto:privacy@LearnStreet.com) or by mail at: LearnStreet, [info@learnstreet.com](mailto:info@learnstreet.com).
