> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the learning.com privacy policy that was archived on 2015-12-30. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20151230215424id_/http%3A//www.learning.com/privacypolicy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy Policy | Learning.com

PLEASE CAREFULLY REVIEW THE LEARNING.COM PRIVACY POLICY AND THE CHILD PRIVACY POLICY BELOW (IF APPLICABLE) BEFORE USING THIS WEBSITE.

In addition, to the extent that you are a party to or otherwise enjoy any rights or benefits under the Learning.com Master Services Agreement and/or the Learning.com Classroom Editions Terms and Conditions (collectively referred to herein as “Agreement and/or Terms”), the Privacy Policies are incorporated into the Agreement and/or Terms and the use of Learning.com’s website indicates your assent to the terms of one or both of those agreements (including the Privacy Policies).  If you are not a party to or do not otherwise enjoy any rights or benefits under the Agreement and/or Terms, the use of Learning.com’s website indicates your assent to the terms of this Privacy Policy.

 **1\. Information We Collect from You**  
Learning.com strives to provide information and services that are well tailored to your needs. To do this, we may ask you to register or to provide certain personal information in order to use the services including visiting various areas of our website, entering a contest or sweepstakes, completing surveys, submitting content, subscribing to a newsletter or asking us for additional information. We only collect personally identifiable information that you submit voluntarily. If you choose not to register or provide personal information as we request, you may still enjoy our website. However, you won't have access to those Services that require such information, like the EasyTech Instructional System.

 **2\. Why We Collect Information**  
Learning.com collects personal information for such purposes as sending updates concerning promotions and changes to our Services, tracking and verifying compliance with our policies and with various laws and regulations, and for editorial, feedback and other related purposes. In addition, Learning.com may occasionally present a special contest or promotion sponsored by another company. To qualify for entry, we may ask you to provide personal information. If we plan to share that information with the sponsor, we will inform you of that when we request your information. In exceptional cases when we have reason to believe that doing so is necessary to identify, contact or bring legal action against someone who may be causing injury to or interference with (either intentionally or unintentionally) Learning.com's rights or property, our Users, or anyone else who could be harmed by such activities, we may disclose User information when we believe in good faith that the law requires us to do so. In addition, in the event of an assignment, sale, joint venture or other transfer or disposition of some or all of the assets of the company, The Learning Internet, or its sites, including Learning.com, you agree that we can accordingly assign, sell, license or transfer any information that our Users have provided to us, including personally identifying information, to the third party(s) purchasing or assuming such assets.

 **3\. Opting Out**  
Learning.com provides users the opportunity to "opt out" or "opt in" for receiving communications concerning Learning.com, updates to its services, and promotional materials whenever registration is required. The term "opt out" refers to the user's ability to provide an electronic notification declining further specified kinds of contact, including but not limited to promotional and general informational email. This is done by selecting an option on a website screen or in a website dialog box, with such selection made by the user at the user's sole discretion. The term "opt in" refers to a user's ability to provide an electronic notification inviting further specified kinds of contact, including but not limited to email. This is also done by selecting an option on a website screen or in a website dialog box, with such selection made by the user. At any point in the future, a User may "opt out" or "opt in" regarding communications from Learning.com by updating the User's information on Learning.com's "My Settings" link. The "opt in" and "opt out" features will not, however, affect email specifically directed to a User for purposes of discussing membership activity, in response to User inquiries, or to enforce this Privacy Policy.

 **4\. Use of Aggregate User Information**  
Learning.com may share aggregate information about our Users with advertisers, business partners, sponsors and other third parties. For example, we may say that our audience is "x" percent male and "y" percent female. We use this information to customize our content and advertising to deliver services that are well tailored to our Users' needs.

 **5\. Use of Cookies**  
The use of "cookies" is standard in the Internet industry. They are used on most commercial and other websites. Cookies are small text files written to your computer. They make our Website easier for you to use because they save your preferences while you're at our sites (although we do not save passwords in cookies). Cookies also help us know which areas are your favorites, which may need improvement and what technologies and Internet services our Users like. Knowing this information helps us improve the services for our Users. The information we track with cookies is anonymous and is not used to identify, or lead us back to, any particular User. Users may have the option of disabling cookies via their browser preferences (most browsers are initially set up to accept cookies). However, some features of our Website will not function properly or may function more slowly if you refuse cookies. While using our Website, you may get cookies from our advertisers or sponsors. Learning.com does not control such cookies. However, such use of cookies is very common in the Internet industry.

 **6\. Use of IP Addresses**  
An IP address is a number that has been automatically assigned to your computer. Web servers automatically identify your computer by its IP address. Learning.com may collect IP addresses for the purposes of system administration, to report aggregate information to our advertisers, sponsors, and partners, and to audit the use of our site. When Users request Web pages from our services, our servers log the Users' IP addresses. We do not normally link IP addresses to anything personally identifiable. This means that a User's session will be logged, but the User remains anonymous to us. We can and will use IP addresses to identify a User when we feel it is necessary to enforce compliance with our rules or terms of service or to protect our service, site, customers or others. Some features of our services, such as certain message boards, may display IP addresses along with the message- poster's User name and message. Please review each feature prior to use and only use those that disclose information you are comfortable sharing.

 **7\. Links to Other Sites**  
Learning.com's services may include or bring you into contact with links to third party owned, controlled, or managed websites. Additionally, you may see links from advertisers, sponsors and other partners who may use Learning.com's logo as part of a co-branding agreement. Learning.com does not control content, or any aspect, of these third party websites. For example, if you click on a search result or banner advertisement, that click takes you off our sites. Third party websites may send you their own cookies, collect data or solicit personal information. While we identify sponsor and advertiser areas of our Website, we do not control the practices or the content of these third party sites. Once you leave our servers (you can usually see where you are by checking the URL in the location bar on your browser), the use of any information you provide is governed by the privacy policy of the operator of the site you are visiting. That policy may differ from ours. If you can't find the privacy policy of any of these sites via a link from that site's homepage, you should contact the site directly for more information and proceed entirely at your own risk. We specifically recommend that children check with their parents, guardians or teachers before clicking onto any third party sites.

 **8\. Security of Information**  
The security of our Users' personally identifiable information is of the highest priority. Learning.com exercises great care in providing secure transmission of your information from your PC to our servers. Unfortunately, no data transmission over the Internet can be guaranteed to be 100% secure. As a result, while we strive to protect your personal information, Learning.com cannot ensure or warrant the security of any information you transmit to us or through our services, and you do so at your own risk. Once we receive your transmission, we make our best effort to ensure its security on our systems. Whenever credit card information is transmitted we use industry standard, SSL (secure socket layer) encryption. If you have an account or use another password-protected service, you are the only person who can access it and view the User information concerning the account. We strongly recommend that you do not share your password with anyone. Learning.com will never ask you for your password in an unsolicited phone call or email. Ultimately, you are responsible for maintaining the secrecy of your passwords and any account information. Please remember to sign out properly and close your browser window when you have finished your work. This helps ensure that others cannot access your personal information and in the event the computer you use is accessible to others or if you share a computer with someone else or use a computer in a public place such as a library or Internet cafe. In addition, from time to time Learning.com may create and supply, at its sole discretion, additional security features for its Users. These security features are designed only for the use of Users. Learning.com provides no warranty, express or implied, that any such security features may not be broken, violated or in some way compromised.

 **9\. Your Acceptance of These Terms**  
By using this site, you signify your assent to the Learning.com's Privacy Policy. If you do not agree with this Privacy Policy, you may not use our services. Your continued use of the services following the posting of changes to these terms will indicate that you accept those changes.

 **Child Privacy Policy**    
 **1\. General Compliance With Laws**  
The safety of children is Learning.com's highest priority. We comply strictly with applicable laws and regulations, including the Children's Online Privacy Protection Act of 1998 (COPPA), for the protection of children's online privacy, and in general we WILL NOT:

  * collect online contact information from children under 13 without prior parental notification and consent which will include an opportunity for the parent to prevent use of the information and the child's participation in the related activity. Without prior parental consent, online information will only be used to respond directly to a child's request and will not be used for other purposes
  * collect the personally identifiable offline contact information of a child under 13 without prior parental consent
  * distribute to third parties any personally identifiable information relating to a child under 13 without prior parental consent
  * give children under 13 the ability to publicly post or otherwise distribute personally identifiable contact information without prior parental consent.
  * entice any child by the prospect of a special game, prize or other activity to divulge more information than is needed to participate in the activity.



In addition, Learning.com strictly complies with the Family Educational Rights and Privacy Act of 1974, for the protection of students’ privacy of educational records.

 **2\. Policies for Children Under the Age of 13**  
Learning.com encourage parents and guardians to spend time online with their children and to participate in the activities offered through our services. No information should be submitted or posted through our services by any User under 13 years of age without the consent of their parent or guardian. At this time, Learning.com is not collecting any personally identifiable information from Users under the age of 13. Children who access the EasyTech Learning System with login I.D.s provided by their schools will not be asked to provide any personally identifiable information to Learning.com.

As with all our Users, we will collect and share aggregate, anonymous information as explained above.

 **3\. Parents' Right to Review or Delete Information**  
A parent may review the information a child has submitted to us by sending us a written request addressed to Consumer Relations, Attn: Children's Online Privacy Act - Information Request, 1620 SW Taylor Street, Suite 100, Portland, Oregon 97205. The request must include the name and address of the child, the child's password and any other information that will allow us to verify that writer is the parent of the child whose information is being requested. In addition, a parent can instruct us to delete a child's information at any time and can also instruct us not to collect any more personal information from the child by sending us a written request addressed to Consumer Relations, Attn: Children's Online Privacy Act - Delete Request, 1620 SW Taylor Street, Suite 100, Portland, Oregon 97205. However, if such a request is made, such request may unfortunately preclude the child's participation in certain activities.
