> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the learnsocial.com privacy policy that was archived on 2012-06-08. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20120608104328id_/http%3A//learnsocial.com/privacy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# LearnSocial

## Privacy Policy

* * *

### LearnSocial is a Community marketplace to learn anything and teach anyone.

The web site and service including all sub-websites, mobile applications and other interactive properties through which the service is delivered (called, the “Service”) are owned, operated and distributed by LearnSocial, LLP, a Hyderabad based Limited Partnership(referred to in this Privacy Policy as "LearnSocial" or "we"). By using/accessing any part of the Service, you are agreeing to the terms and conditions described below (this “Privacy Policy”) and the terms and conditions of our terms of service. If you do not agree to any of these terms, you should not use the Service. This Privacy Policy applies to all users, including both users who are simply viewing content available via the Service and users who have registered as members of LearnSocial.

We may, at our sole discretion, modify this Privacy Policy at any time. This Privacy Policy was last modified as of March 2, 2012.

Your privacy is very important to us. Accordingly, we have developed this Privacy Policy in order for you to understand how we collect, use, communicate and disclose and make use of personal information. The following outlines our privacy policy.

#### Usage of User Personal Information

* * *

  * When your register with us and become a LearnSocial Member, when you choose to teach or attend a class, we will ask you for personally identifiable information. This refers to information about you that can be used to contact or identify you. This includes, but is not limited to, your name, email address and Location.
  * If you decide to host a class on LearnSocial, we would ask you to provide your Bank Account details. These details (Account Number, Bank Branch etc) will be used only for the express purpose of transferring money to your account after you have hosted a class and we receive payments from learners. The platform doesn’t store or handle the Credit/Debit card details that are entered during online payments for classes. All payments are routed to a highly secure Payment Gateway that is governed by strict norms for handling and encrypting secure data.
  * We will protect personal information by reasonable security safeguards against loss or theft, as well as unauthorized access, disclosure, copying, use or modification.
  * For effective communication from LearnSocial, we need your e-mail address. To provide you with additional services, we may also request your name, zipcode, and telephone number. We may give some or all of this information to the teachers for classes that you sign up for so that they can better coordinate their classes. We will not give your name, email, or other personal information to unaffiliated third parties except with your consent or as otherwise set forth in this privacy policy. In addition, we may provide personal information to employees, consultants or other business or persons for the purpose of processing such information on our behalf. In such circumstances, we require that these parties agree to protect the confidentiality of such information and to comply with the terms of this Privacy Policy.
  * We use your IP address to help diagnose problems with our server, to administer our Service, and to analyze traffic patterns on the Service. We use cookies, web beacons and similar technology to deliver content specific to your interests and to save your password so you don't have to re-enter it each time you visit. We may also use web beacons and similar technology in emails that we send to you in order to track whether the emails have been opened. In addition, our web servers track information about the visits to the Service. For example, we compile statistics that show the daily number of visitors to the Service, the daily requests we receive for particular files on the Service, and what geographical areas those requests come from. These aggregated statistics are used internally to better provide services to the public and may also be provided to others.
  * For example, if you choose to sign up for a free LearnSocial account, you may have a Profile page on the site, containing your Full Name and some basic information including your location and bio. You may also add additional optional information to your Profile. You may control what type of Profile information is shown to other through your Account Settings. Any information you choose to provide as part of your profile should reflect how much you want other LearnSocial users to know about you. We recommend that you guard your anonymity and sensitive information and we encourage members to think carefully about what information about themselves they disclose in their profile pages. You can review and revise your profile information at any time.
  * You must be at least 16 years old to register to use the Service. 
  * We may use third-party advertising companies to serve ads when you visit the Service. These companies may use information (not including your name, address, email address or telephone number) about your visits to this and other Web sites in order to provide advertisements on the Service and other sites about goods and services that may be of interest to you. In the course of serving advertisements to this site, third-party advertisers may also place or recognize a unique "cookie" on your browser, or use other technologies such as Java scripts or web beacons.
  * The Service may contain links to other Web sites or services. We are not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of such Web sites or services, and you should review the privacy policy of each such Web site or service to make sure that you are comfortable with it before providing any personal information privacy policy.
  * For Teacher - As discussed above, we may give your personal information to the teachers for classes that you sign up for so that they can coordinate their classes. As part of our Terms of Use, LearnSocial Teachers agree not to abuse other users' personal information. Abuse is defined as using personal information for any purpose other than those explicitly specified in the Teachers' Class. In addition, because payments are processed through a Secure Third Party Payment Gateway provider, we do not receive any credit card information and cannot provide that information to LearnSocial Teachers. However, please understand that LearnSocial Teachers are not our employees or consultants.As a result, we cannot control their actions and cannot be held liable for any actions that they may take.
  * The Service is hosted in the India and is intended for and directed to users in India and other geographic locations. 
  * If you have any questions, you can email us at [admin@learnSocial.com](mailto:admin@learnSocial.com)


