> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the rferl.org privacy policy that was archived on 2000-06-22. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20000622223529id_/http%3A//www.rferl.org/welcome/english/privacy.html) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# RFE/RL Online Privacy Policy

_4 August 1999_

|    
**RFE/RL Online Privacy Policy**

Radio Free Europe/Radio Liberty (RFE/RL) believes Internet users have a right to personal privacy and to unmonitored access to and navigation of the Internet. 

In the course of our providing the best Internet news service possible to our users, we collect two types of information about and from our visitors: email addresses provided to us by visitors wishing to subscribe to RFE/RL publications via email, and aggregate statistical data used to track site usage. **Email Addresses** Subscribers to RFE/RL email newsletters voluntarily supply their email addresses to receive newsletters. RFE/RL will under no circumstances make email addresses used for this purpose available to any third party. Nor will subscriber lists be shared internally for any purpose other than distributing the newsletters. Newsletter subscribers may unsubscribe from any newsletter at any time by following the directions published in the newsletter and posted on the Web site. If they experience problems unsubscribing, they may contact a staffer via an email address published in each newsletter or by contacting the Internet Department at [webmaster@rferl.org](mailto:webmaster@rferl.org) **Statistical Data** Like publishers of most Web sites, RFE/RL aggregates data when users visit the RFE/RL Web site. The purpose of this data collection is simply to count how many people come to the site, which countries they come from, which pages they view, etc. This data collection process does not enable RFE/RL to discern who you are, only that a computer with a specific number is accessing the Web server. The software we use to create reports from this data relies on a standard browser feature called a cookie to track which Web pages visitors view on the site. These cookies are assigned at random with each newly created visitor session, and expire and are deleted after the visitor leaves the site. Reports generated by this data collection are used internally to improve the site and provide better value to our users based on their news consumption patterns. Please direct questions or comments to [webmaster@rferl.org](mailto:webmaster@rferl.org)

* * *
