> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the orbitdownloader.com privacy policy that was archived on 2010-12-29. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20101229162130id_/http%3A//www.orbitdownloader.com/privacy.htm) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Orbit Downloader - Privacy

## Orbit Downloader Privacy Notice

Oct 15, 2010   
The Orbit Downloader Privacy Policy describes how we treat personal information when you use Orbit Downloader and Orbitdownloader.com.   


## Orbit Downloader Privacy Hightlights

We at Orbit Downloader take your online privacy very seriously and pledge to you, our Downloader user, that:   
    1\. Orbit Downloader are 100% clean. It is trusted by more than 30 antivirus engines and lots of software download sites. [Learn more...](https://web.archive.org/web/20101229162130id_/http%3A//www.orbitdownloader.com/100clean.htm)   
    2\. We do NOT track your online activities or browsing habits.  
    3\. We do NOT collect Personally Identifiable Information about your personal downloads.  
    4\. We collect limited NON-Personally Identifiable information which does not include information that is collected anonymously (i.e., without identification of the individual user) or demographic information not connected to an identified individual to operate and improve the features.   
    5\. We will never rent, sell or share any of the information we collect from you to third parties.  
    6\. We will not spam you.  
    7\. No Evil, No Spyware, No Threat.  
The above are highlights of Orbit Downloader's privacy policy. The highlights are provided for convenience only. For the complete and binding privacy policy of Orbit Downloader please read the entire document below. 

## NON-Personally Identifiable Information we collect

  * Non-Personally Identifiable Information may be provided by you or may be generated by your mere use of Orbit Downloader. And Non-Personally Identifiable Information does not include information that is collected anonymously (i.e., without identification of the individual user) or demographic information not connected to an identified individual.
  * Non-Personally Identifiable Information may include install/uninstall and update Orbit Downloader, the use of a particular feature, the version and vendor or Orbit Downloader, the file size that was downloaded or the source server from which files were downloaded, the local and language of Orbit Downloader. 
  * The architecture of Orbit Downloader is built to provide our users with a rich user experience and functionality while protecting our users' privacy. As a result the files you choose to download using Orbit Downloader are your own private matter. We do not collect information about which files a certain user is downloading or who downloads a specific file. Furthermore, in order to provide our users with additional services and information that may relate to specific files, the architecture of Orbit Downloader enables Orbit Downloader to provide users with such information, while preserving users' anonymity.
  * We DO NOT collect any information include Usernames and Passwords. We are especially careful about the privacy of your Usernames and Passwords. We consider this information highly sensitive, and we treat it with the appropriate care. If your file downloads include Usernames and Passwords, it will be not posted. 



## How is the information being used

  * The information is used to operate and improve the features, offerings and content presented to you by Orbit Downloader, to streamline the use of Orbit Downloader, to fullfill your download inquiries .
  * Additional, Orbit Downloader is based on[P2P techonology](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/P2p). Some NON-Personally Identifiable Information we collected, such as the file size that was downloaded or the source server from which files were downloaded, is for enriching the datebase of P2P network. 
  * Your Collected Information will not be shared with third parties. Orbit Downloader may use your information to present offers to you on behalf of business partners and advertisers. These business partners and advertisers may receive aggregate data about various groups of Orbit users, but they do not receive information that personally identifies you. 



## About Software Updater

  * The information collected by Software Updater includes: the name and the version number of the operating system running on the PC; a list of programs and drivers installed on the user′s PC together with their version numbers and developers′ names; program icons. 
  * The collected data is used to: Comparing the different versions of software and drivers, prompt users for the new updates and related infomations. Data other than the abovementioned is not collected. 
  * The relationship between Recipester.org and Orbit:[Recipester.org](http://www.recipester.org/) and Orbit both are one of the best products of InnoShock. The list of your programs private on [recipester.org](http://www.recipester.org/).
  * About your programs list displayed on[recipester.org](http://www.recipester.org/):[Recipester.org](http://www.recipester.org/) will display aggregate program information, but no one can get the information that personally identifies you. You even can make the list private.



## No Evil, No Spyware, No Threat

  * Orbit Downloader pledges to you that it does NOT contain any spyware/adware or any other type of threat. Orbit Downloader has been trusted by more than 30 antivirus engines and lots of software download sites, include McAfee, Symantec, Softpedia and [see more...](https://web.archive.org/web/20101229162130id_/http%3A//www.orbitdownloader.com/100clean.htm)



## Your choices

  * You can uninstall and install advanced features at any.
  * Orbit Downloader.com will notify you if it materially changes these policies, at which time you will have the opportunity to discontinue using the Orbit Downloader. 


