> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the assistcard.com privacy policy that was archived on 2016-06-23. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20160623033000id_/http%3A//assist-cardusa.com/privacy.html) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Starr Travel

### (Effective September 9, 2015)

This website, located at www.starrassist.com (the “Website”), provides information about services offered by Starr Assist. Our address is 399 Park Avenue, 9th Floor, New York, NY 10022. Our data collection and use policies with respect to visitors to the Website are set forth in this statement (the “Policy”). By using this Website, you signify your acceptance of this Policy.

### What is “personal information”?

When reviewing this Policy you should understand that when we use the term “personal information”, we mean any information that can be used to identify or contact a specific individual, such as a name, address, telephone number or e-mail address. When we refer to “aggregate information”, we mean information that does not allow us to identify or contact a specific individual, such as demographic information, purchase categories, or visitors using a particular browser to access the Website

### What types of personal information does Starr Assist collect on the Website? 

We collect various types of personal information from visitors to the Website. For instance, we collect information through our “contact us” forms. When you submit questions or comments through the “contact us” or such forms, we may collect personal information such as first name, last name, e-mail address, telephone number and the question or comment you submitted.

### Does Starr Assist collect any other information about visitors to the Website?

We constantly seek to maintain the integrity of, and make improvements to, the Website. As part of these efforts, we collect and analyze certain aggregate information about how visitors use the Website, as stated below. When you visit our Website, we may collect various types of technical data including, but not limited to, domain and/or Web browser information. This data is gathered using cookies and other similar technologies. Cookies are small pieces of information that our server places on a visitor’s computer hard drive to enable that person to more easily communicate and interact with the Website and to provide us with important information on how visitors use the Website. This Website uses cookies to allow you to select a preferred location view and default home page view and to let you access recently visited links more easily. Many Web browsers are automatically set to accept cookies. You may change your browser settings to either reject cookies or notify you when a cookie is about to be placed on your computer. Please note, however, that rejecting cookies while visiting the Website may result in certain parts of the Website not operating correctly or as efficiently as if they were allowed. You will not be able to access a preferred location view, a customized default home page view or your recently visited links. In addition, we may use a service that collects data remotely by using so-called “pixel tags,” “web beacons,” “clear GIFs” or similar means (collectively, “Pixel Tags”) embedded in the Website’s content. A Pixel Tag is an electronic image, often a single-pixel (1x1), that which is ordinarily not visible to Website visitors and may be associated with cookies on the visitors’ hard drives. The data we collect includes which operating system and browser you use, how you navigate to and through our site, and how long you stay on our web pages. This information is anonymous and does not include your name, e-mail address or any other contact information. Please note that certain aggregate information may be linked with personal information. Any such linked information will be treated as personal information for the purposes of this Policy as long as it is so linked.

### What does Starr Assist do with personal information collected on the Website? 

We will use personal information provided by visitors to fulfill the purpose for which such information was provided, as described in this Policy, or as disclosed at the time the visitor information is collected. We use the information submitted via the “contact us” to respond to your inquiry. We will not use the information submitted via “contact us” for marketing purposes, nor share it with any non-affiliated third party for marketing purposes, unless you consent to this use. We also may use the information submitted to ask you follow-up questions about which products you have purchased or are considering purchasing, in order to improve our services and better understand your needs. We may store the information you submit via the “contact us” for such period of time as may be necessary, in our discretion, to resolve your inquiry or as may be needed/helpful to Starr Assist.

In addition, you can enable the settings of your web browser to ensure that the www.starrassist.com website does not track your visit by following the instructions listed in the top right navigation pane on the following website: [http://donottrack.us](http://donottrack.us/)

### Does Starr Assist share personal information with other companies? 

We will not intentionally share your personal information with unaffiliated entities except: (1) as described in this Policy or as disclosed at the time your personal information is provided; or (2) with your consent. We work with third parties who provide services to us, and we may share your personal information with third parties, including without limitation: website hosting or email hosting or information technology consulting services, newsletters, data analysis, legal services, accounting services and other administrative and back-up and security services. We may also disclose personal information in order to: (1) comply with applicable laws; (2) respond to inquiries or requests from government or public authorities; (3) comply with valid legal process; (4) protect our rights, privacy, safety or property, Website visitors or the public; (5) permit us to pursue available remedies or limit the damages that we may sustain; and (6) enforce our Terms of Use. In the event there is a change in the corporate structure Starr Assist, including, but not limited to, merger, consolidation, sale, liquidation or transfer of substantial assets, we may, in our sole discretion, transfer, sell or assign information collected on and through this Website, including without limitation, personal information concerning visitors, to one or more affiliated or unaffiliated third parties.

### If I link to another site and provide information to that site, how will that information be handled? 

This Website may contain links to other websites. The operator of such other website (whether Starr Assist or a third party) may collect information about you, including through cookies or other technologies. If you link to another site, you will leave this Website and this Policy will not apply to your use of and activity on those other sites. If you provide personal information through any such site, your transaction will occur on that site (not this Website) and the personal information you provide will be collected by, and controlled by the privacy policy of, that site’s operator. Links on this Website to other websites are provided only as a convenience, and the inclusion of such links does not imply endorsement of the linked site. We encourage you to read the legal notices posted on those sites, including their privacy policies. We shall have no responsibility or liability for your visitation to, and the data collection and use practices of, such other sites. This Policy applies solely to online information collection and use practices in connection with this Website; it does not apply to any practices conducted offline or in connection with other websites owned or operated by any third parties.

### How does Starr Assist protect the information I provide to the Website? 

We take reasonable precautions to safeguard the personal information transmitted between visitors and this Website and the personal information stored on our servers. Unfortunately, no data transmission over the Internet can be guaranteed to be 100% secure. As a result, although we strive to protect your personal information, we cannot ensure the security of any information you transmit to us through or in connection with the Website. No method of transmitting or storing data is completely secure. If you have reason to believe that your interaction with us is no longer secure, you must immediately notify us of the problem by contacting us by using the contact information provided on the Website. In the unlikely event that we believe that the security of your personal information in our possession or control may have been compromised, we may seek to notify you of that development. If a notification is appropriate, we would endeavor to do so as promptly as possible under the circumstances, and, to the extent we have your e-mail address, we may notify you by e-mail.

### Where will Starr Assist store and maintain information about me?

By providing personal information and other information to this Website, you understand and consent to the collection, use, processing disclosure and transfer of such information to the United States and other countries or territories, which may not offer the same level of data protection as the country where you reside, in accordance with the terms of this Policy. Information that Starr Assist collects may be stored, processed and transferred between any of the countries in which Starr Assist operates to enable the use of the information in accordance with this Policy. 

### Can Starr Assist change this Policy? 

Yes. We reserve the right to change this Policy in order to address future developments of Starr Assist, the Website or changes in industry or legal trends. Depending on the nature of the change, we will either: (1) announce the change on the home page of the Website or (2) take such other action as we deem appropriate under the circumstances, including without limitation, posting the revised draft of this Policy on the Website. Any changes to this Policy will become effective upon posting of the revised Policy on the Internet, accessible through the Website. By continuing to use the Website following such changes, you will be deemed to have agreed to such changes. If you do not agree with the terms of this Policy, as it may be amended from time to time, in whole or part, please do not continue using this Website. If you have any questions or comments about this Policy, please feel free to contact us by using the contact information provided on the Website
