> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the poetry.com privacy policy that was archived on 2014-12-14. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20141214182519id_/http%3A//poetry.com/static/privacy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Poetry.com

## PRIVACY POLICY NOTICE

This notice describes our privacy policy (“Notice”). By visiting our Web Site, you are accepting the practices described in this Notice.

Please Note: Our Privacy Policy changes from time to time and changes are effective upon posting. Please check back frequently for updates as it is your sole responsibility to be aware of changes. We do not provide notices of changes in any manner other then by posting the changes at this website.

If you do not agree with the terms of this privacy policy, please do not provide any information to us or use any of the services or products offered or provided on this website.

_Section 1.01 — Principles:_

_Notice:_ We may gather and use information as follows: 

  1. _Volunteered Information:_ We will receive and store any information you enter on the Web Site or give us in any other way that personally identifies you to improve your experience at the Web Site, to get a better general understanding of the type of individuals visiting the Web Site, and to enable us to contact you when needed. Typically you will provide information such as name, email address, postal address, birth date and gender. By submitting this personally identifiable information to us you agree to receive email and postal mail communication from us and our marketing partners. This privacy policy applies to users who register on our website or on the websites of our media partners. We believe in 100% permission based marketing. Members have the option of completely removing their information from our database by sending the request to DataDelete@Poetry.com. 
  2. _Automatic Information / Login:_ To enable us to provide content that users need and desire, we might collect aggregated site-visitation statistics using cookies. A Cookie is simply a small data file we place on your computer’s hard drive when you first visit the Web Site (“Cookie”). This file contains a unique number that helps us identify you when you return to the Web Site. Cookies are employed by thousands of web sites to enhance users’ web viewing experience. Cookies can neither damage user files nor can they read information from users’ hard drives. We combine all usage information provided by such Cookies and we do not monitor your use of the Web Site. Allowing us to create a Cookie on your hard drive will not give us or any other site access to the rest of your computer’s hard drive, and only we will be able to read the Cookie that the Web Site creates. 
  3. _Information Use:_ We use information for personal identification; to provide advertisements from us or our third party marketing partners; to get a better general understanding of the type of individuals visiting the Web Site; to respond to your requests for purchases, comments, or questions; to improve your experience at the Web Site; to collect aggregated site-visitation statistics; to alert you to product enhancements, special offers and updated information. 
  4. _Limits of Confidentiality:_ We may disclose certain information about our database to third parties including our advertising partners. Below are the circumstances under which we may disclose information to third parties.We will disclose user information and aggregate level information about our database to marketers as necessary to convey the services that we have the ability to offer, or to report on the advertising campaigns that we have launched over the course of our existence. We may release any user information if required to comply with law; to enforce or to apply the Web Site Terms and Conditions; or under the good faith belief that disclosure is otherwise necessary or advisable including, without limitation, to protect the rights, properties, or safety of us or our users. 



_Choice:_ We give you a choice as to the type and amount of private information we have, as follows: 

  * _Volunteered Information:_ You can always choose not to provide certain information to us, however, you will not be able to take advantage of many of our offers and site features. If you have previously provided certain information to us and you desire to remove such information from our databases, or if you do not wish for your information to be disclosed to third parties, you may contact us at datadelete@Poetry.com to remove such information. Once information has been disclosed to third parties, you will have to contact the third party directly to remove or modify your information. 
  * _Automatic Information:_ Most web browsers automatically accept Cookies, but if you prefer, you can edit your browser options to block Cookies in the future. The “Help” portion of the toolbar on most browsers will explain how you can prevent your browser from accepting new Cookies, how to set the browser to inform you when you receive a new Cookie, or how to reject Cookies altogether. 
  * _Security:_ We protect the security of your personal information. We take steps to protect your data from loss, misuse, alteration, destruction, or unauthorized access. While we use security technologies to secure users’ information, we cannot guarantee that any electronic communications is totally secure. 



_Section 2.01 — Children:_ Users of the Web Site must be at least 13 years old. If a child has provided us with personal information, that child’s parent or guardian should contact us at datadelete@Poetry.com to delete such information from our records. 

_Section 3.01 — Third Party Web Sites:_ Please be aware that the Web Site may have links to third party web sites that may collect personally identifiable information about you. When you click on one of these third party links, you are entering another web site for which we have no responsibility. You may be directed to a third party website in the process of completing offers on our website and should be aware of this. Always check the privacy policies for each page as you may be on a third party website not owned or operated by us. This Notice does not cover the information practices or policies of such third party web sites. We encourage you to read the privacy statements of all such web sites since their privacy policies may be materially different from our Notice. 

_Section 4.01 — Agreement and Modification:_ By using this site, including, without limitation, submitting information on the registration page, signing up for additional advertiser offers and/or continuing to receive communication from us, you indicate that you have read and understand this Notice and you consent to the collection and use of information by us in the manner explained in this Notice. This Privacy Policy Notice, including without limitation, provisions covering limitations on damages, arbitration of disputes, and the application of Utah law govern any dispute over privacy. By using and accessing the Web Site you agree to indemnify us for any and all third party claims resulting from your breach of this Notice. If you have any questions or concerns about your privacy at the Web Site, please email a thorough description of the issue to datadelete@Poetry.com. If you do not accept this Notice, do not access and use the Web Site. We reserve the right, at our discretion, to change, modify, add, and/or remove portions of this Privacy Policy at any time. All Privacy Policy changes will take effect immediately upon their posting on the Site. Please check this page periodically for changes. Your continued use of the Site or acceptance of our communication following the posting of changes to these terms will mean that you accept these changes and agree to continue receiving communication from us. If you do not agree to the terms of this Privacy Policy, please unsubscribe by [clicking here](mailto:feedback@poetry.com?subject=Unsubscribe%20Me). 

updated 1/1/12 
