> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the tokidoki.it privacy policy that was archived on 2014-11-22. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20141122075618id_/http%3A//www.tokidoki.it/privacy-policy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy

tokidoki is committed to protecting your privacy. We firmly believe that electronic security and privacy are necessary for the continued success of the Internet. In support of this, we only use the personal information that you provide to create a more personalized and entertaining experience for you, in accordance with the terms outlined below.

##  What information do we collect?

When an order is placed on our Web site, we need to know your name, email address, mailing address, phone number, credit card number and credit card expiration date. This information is necessary for us to process and fill your order and to keep you informed of the status of your order. You may also register with us by providing information similar to that which you provide us when you make a purchase to help us better serve your interests.

From time to time, we may run contests or other promotions. If you participate, we may request your name, mailing address, email address and other information in order to administer the promotion and notify winners. When you submit a request, review or comment to our customer service department, we may ask you for your email address. When you visit our Web site, we also collect IP addresses in aggregate form, but these are not linked to any of your personally identifiable information. We may from time to time conduct on-line surveys. When you complete a survey on-line, we may ask for certain information from you, including your age, zip code, shopping habits, email and/or mailing address.

##  How do we use the information?

When you place an order on our Web site, we will use your information to process and fill your order. We may send you an email to confirm or update you on your order. We may also need to contact you by regular mail, email or phone if we have any questions regarding your order. When you order, register, complete a survey or participate in any contest or promotion on our Web site, we will use the information you provided to us to send you email or regular mail from us regarding products, services or other contests and promotions that we think may be of interest to you. We may also use information you provide to us to personalize your shopping experience by using your product interests and purchase information to recommend other products, services or promotions that we believe may interest you, including those of other companies. We may also notify you of functionality changes to the Web site. In addition, in an effort to better service our customers and improve the shopping experience on our site, we may from time to time aggregate your information with information of other customers to help us analyze trends, purchasing patterns and preferences, and demographics.

##  How do we use "cookies"?

"Cookies" are small pieces of information stored by your browser on your computer's hard drive. Cookies do not contain personally identifying information. Most web browsers are set up to accept cookies; you can usually change your browser settings to refuse cookies. We use cookies to enhance your shopping experience at our site, to allow you to navigate quickly, and to keep track of items when you shop on-line. Cookies are not used on our site to store your account information; this information is stored securely on the site's server. When you log in at the site with your username and password or make a purchase, we will assign you a secure session id. The server then passes your information to you through this secure session id. Also, we will use cookies to monitor and maintain information about your use of our site. We also use cookies to track the identity of the Web site you visited immediately prior to visiting our site. Otherwise, we will not track information about your use of other websites.

##  CHILDREN'S ONLINE PRIVACY PROTECTION ACT

tokidoki is committed to protecting the safety of children online. In compliance with the Children's Privacy Protection Act of 2000, tokidoki.it will never knowingly request or use personal information from children under 13 years of age without prior parental consent. If tokidoki receives actual knowledge that a subscriber is under 13 years of age, tokidoki will eliminate all personal information relating to this subscriber from our files.
