> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the tokiohotel.com privacy policy that was archived on 2014-06-26. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20140626003344id_/http%3A//www.tokiohotel.com/privacy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy - Tokio Hotel

With the following information we want to show you how we regard data protection, how we protect personal data, how we use your data acquired by the services we offer (eg, newsletters, competitions, orders) and that you can revoke your consent to storage and use of your personal data at any time.

## Our policy regarding data protection

We take the protection of personal data very seriously and we are committed to respecting the privacy of all individuals who use our websites. We assure you that we handle the personal data of users of our website in accordance with the relevant legislation on the protection of personal data, in particular the German Federal Data Protection Act (Bundesdatenschutzgesetz, BDSG) and the German Telemedia Act (Telemediengesetz, TMG).

## What is personal data?

Personal data within the meaning of the BDSG means any information concerning the personal or factual circumstances of a natural person, e.g. Name, address, e-mail address, telephone number, age, gender, or areas of interest. We collect, process and use only data -with your consent for specific purposes- we need to register you for a service, for example, to register you as backstage participant, a newsletter subscriber or a sweepstake participant.

## Do we provide your personal data to third parties?

In general, we use your personal information only within our company. However, for the processing of some of our online services, we also assign other companies within the Group or partner companies. We assure you that we bind these companies to use your personal data only according to our instructions and earmarked. Any further processing or use of data without your express consent is excluded.

## Cookies

Cookies are small files that can be stored on a visitor’s computer when visiting our website. Cookies facilitate the use of our website and help recognizing you at your next visit. For example Cookies can be used to create user profiles. They help us to better aligning the content of our site to your needs. Our cookies do not contain any information about you, but only a figure which has no meaning outside of our online offerings. Moreover, cookies cannot cause damage to the computer system of the visitor. If you do not want the benefits of cookies, you can turn off and also re-enable them in your web browser using a simple method.

## Use of Facebook Social Plugins

Our website uses social plugins (“plugins”) provided by the social network Facebook, which is operated by Facebook Inc., 1601 S. California Ave, Palo Alto, CA 94304 , USA (“Facebook”). The plugins are identifiable by a Facebook logo or the addition “Facebook Social Plugin”. If you open a page of our website that contains a social plugin, your browser establishes a direct connection to the servers of Facebook. The content of the plugin is transferred from Facebook directly to your browser which embeds it directly into the website.

By integrating the plugin Facebook receives the information that you have accessed a page on our website. If you are logged in to Facebook, Facebook can assign your visit to your Facebook account. If you interact with the plugins, for example, click the “Like” button or leave a comment, the corresponding information is transmitted from your browser directly to Facebook and stored there.

Concerning the purpose and scope of data collection and the further processing and use of data by Facebook, your rights in this respect and settings options for protecting your privacy we refer to the privacy policies of Facebook. If you do not want that Facebook collects data about you via our website, you need to log out of Facebook before your visit to our website.

## Use of Google Analytics and Google AdWords

This website uses Google Analytics, a web analytics service provided by Google Inc., 1600 Amphitheatre Parkway, Mountain View, CA 94043, USA (” Google”). Google Analytics uses so-called cookies – these are text files that are stored on your computer – which allow an analysis of your use of the Universal Music website. The information generated by the cookie about your use of the Universal Music website is usually transferred to a server of Google in the USA and stored there.  
The Google tracking codes of this website use the function _anonymizeIp () , so IP addresses are processed only shortened to exclude a direct personal identification . This applies within the member states of the European Union or other parties to the Agreement on the European Economic Area. The complete IP address is only transmitted in exceptional cases to a Google server in the USA and shortened there.

On behalf of Universal Music GmbH Google will use this information to evaluate your use of the Universal Music website, compiling reports on website activity and providing other website or internet services related to the use of the website and the internet in general. Your browser IP address transferred through Google Analytics is not associated with any other data held by Google.

You can object to the use of cookies by selecting the appropriate settings on your browser; however, we like to point out that in that case you may not be able to use all features of this website. You can object to the generation of data about your use of the website (including your IP address ) by the cookie to Google and the processing of that data by Google by using a Google Browser-Plugin. Therefore you need to download and install the Google Browser-Plugin by using the link: https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout?hl=en. To establish the Objection permanently your browser must accept cookies again.

For more information on Terms of Use and Privacy Policy can be found under http://www.google.com/analytics/terms/de.html or under http://www.google.com/intl/de/analytics/privacyoverview.html .  
This website also uses cookies for the purpose of addressing visitors via AdWords remarketing campaigns with online advertising at a later date through the Google Network. We use Google Analytics also helping to evaluate data from AdWords for statistical purposes. If you do not want this, you can disable this via the Ads Preferences Manager.

## Use of Scalable Central Measuring procedure

The Universal Music website uses the “Scalable Central Measuring method” (SZM) by the company INFOline for the determination of statistical parameters of the use of our site. Thereby anonymous measured data is collected. SZM-range measurement uses -for the recognition of computer systems- alternatively either a cookie with the ID ivwbox.de or a signature that is created from various automatically transmitted information of your computer. IP addresses are not stored in the procedure and are only processed in anonymous form.  
The range measurement has been aligned with data protection. The aim of the range measurement is to determine the intensity of use and the number of users of a site randomly. At no time will individual users be identified. Your identity is always protected.

For websites that are members of the information community to determine the distribution of advertising (Informationsgemeinschaft zur Feststellung der Verbreitung von Werbeträgern e.V. [IVW]) or take part in the study “internet facts” of the association of online-research (Arbeitsgemeinschaft Online-Forschung e.V. [AGOF]) the usage statistics will be published on a monthly basis by AGOF, the “Arbeitsgemeinschaft Media-Analyse e.V.” and the IVW and can be viewed at the above mentioned websites.

In addition to the publication of measured data, the IVW checks the SZM procedure regularly with regard to a rule-and privacy-compliant use. More information about SZM procedure can be found on the website of the INFOnline GmbH, which operates the SZM procedure, the data protection website of AGOF and the data protection website of the IVW.  
You can object to the data processing through SZM using the following link: http://optout.ivwbox.de/.

## Right to information

According to applicable law, we inform you on request in writing whether and which of your personal data is stored with us. You can withdraw your consent to process and use your personal data with future effect at any time and have the right to request deletion, blocking or correction of this data in accordance with statutory provisions. You can request information about your personal data stored at Universal Music by e-mail to: mailto:backstage@universal-music.de or adress a written request to:

Universal Music GmbH  
Consumer Business  
Stralauer Allee 1  
10245 Berlin
