> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the deucescracked.com privacy policy that was archived on 2014-06-30. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20140630075418id_/http%3A//www.deucescracked.com/account/privacy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# DeucesCracked : Free Poker Videos : Poker Coaching : Win at Poker

DeucesCracked, LLC. (“DeucesCracked”) is committed to protecting your privacy. We have prepared this Privacy Policy to describe to you our practices regarding the Personal Data (as defined below) we collect from users of our website, located at www.deucescracked.com, and related services.

  1. User Consent. By submitting Personal Data through our website or related services, you agree to the terms of this Privacy Policy and you expressly consent to the processing of your Personal Data in accordance with this Privacy Policy. 
  2. A Note About Children. We do not intentionally gather Personal Data about visitors who are under the age of 13.
  3. A Note to Users Outside of the United States. Your Personal Data may be processed in the country in which it was collected and in other countries, including the United States, where laws regarding processing of Personal Data may be less stringent than the laws in your country. We adhere to the United States / European Union Data Protection Safe Harbor Arrangement, which can be located at http://www.export.gov/safeharbor
  4. Types of Data We Collect. DeucesCracked collects Personal Data and Anonymous Data from you when you visit our site, when you send us information or communications, and/or when you use related services. “Personal Data” means data that allows someone to identify or contact you, including, for example, your name, address, telephone number, e-mail address, gender, date of birth, as well as any other non-public information about you that is associated with or linked to any of the foregoing data. “Anonymous Data” means data that is not associated with or linked to your Personal Data; Anonymous Data does not permit the identification of individual persons. We collect Personal Data and Anonymous Data, as described below. 
    1. Personal Data You Provide to Us. We collect Personal Data from you, including first and last name, e-mail address, username, and password when you create an account to log in to our website. When you order services on our website, we will collect Personal Data from you, including first and last name, e-mail address, username, and password, and all information necessary to complete the transaction, including credit card information and mailing address. If you provide us feedback or contact us via e-mail, we will collect your name and e-mail address, as well as any other content included in the e-mail, in order to send you a reply, and any information that you submit to us. When you post messages on the message boards of our website, the information contained in your posting will be stored on our servers and other users will be able to see it.
    2. Personal Data Collected via Server Logs. To make our website and related services more useful to you, our servers, which may be hosted by a third party service provider, collect Personal Data from you, including browser type, operating system, Internet Protocol (IP) address (a number that is automatically assigned to your computer when you use the Internet, which may vary from session to session), domain name, number of links you click or pages you visit within the site, state or country from which you accessed the site, name of your Internet service provider, web page from which you linked to our site, and/or a date/time stamp for your visit. 
    3. Personal Data Collected via Cookies. We also use Cookies (as defined below) and navigational data like Uniform Resource Locators (URL) to gather information regarding the date and time of your visit and the solutions and information for which you searched and which you viewed. Like most Internet services, we automatically gather this Personal Data and store it in log files each time you visit our website or access your account on our network. “Cookies” are small pieces of information that a website sends to your computer’s hard drive while you are viewing a web site. We may use both session Cookies (which expire once you close your web browser) and persistent Cookies (which stay on your computer until you delete them) to provide you with a more personal and interactive experience on our website. Persistent Cookies can be removed by following Internet browser help file directions. If you choose to disable Cookies, some areas of our website may not work properly. DeucesCracked, LLC does not allow third party companies to place cookies on our website except for temporary, exceptional circumstances (such as merging a third-party website that relies on third-party cookies). 
    4. Personal Data Collected via Web Beacons. DeucesCracked.com Web pages may contain electronic images known as Web beacons – sometimes also called single-pixel gifs – that allow DeucesCracked to count users who have visited those pages and to deliver co-branded services. DeucesCracked may include Web beacons in promotional e-mail messages or newsletters in order to determine whether messages have been opened and acted upon. Some of these Web beacons may be placed by third party service providers to help determine the effectiveness of our advertising campaigns or email communications. These Web beacons may be used by these service providers to place a persistent cookie on your computer. This allows the service provider to recognize your computer each time you visit certain pages or emails and compile anonymous information in relation to those page views, which in turn enables us and our service providers to learn which advertisements and emails bring you to our website and how you use the site. 
  5. Use of Your Data 
    1. General Use. In general, Personal Data you submit to us is used either to respond to requests that you make, or to aid us in serving you better. DeucesCracked uses your Personal Data in the following ways: to facilitate the creation of and secure your account on our network; identify you as a user in our system; provide improved administration of our website; analyze usage of our website; improve the quality of experience when you interact with our website; send you a welcome e-mail to verify ownership of the e-mail address provided when your account was created; send you administrative e-mail notifications, such as security or support and maintenance advisories; to send promotional communications; to provide you with hardcopy or electronic newsletters, or surveys; to send upgrades and special offers related to our services and for other marketing purposes of DeucesCracked. 
    2. Creation of Anonymous Data. We may create Anonymous Data records from Personal Data by excluding information (such as your name) that make the data personally identifiable to you. We use this Anonymous Data to analyze request and usage patterns so that we may enhance the content of our Products and services and improve site navigation. DeucesCracked reserves the right to use and disclose Anonymous Data to Third Party Companies in its discretion. 
    3. Feedback. If you provide feedback on any of our Products or related services to us, we may use such feedback for any purpose, provided we will not associate such feedback with your Personal Data. DeucesCracked will collect any information contained in such communication and will treat the Personal Data in such communication in accordance with this Privacy Policy.
  6. Disclosure of Your Personal Data 
    1. Affiliates. We may share some or all of your Personal Data with our Affiliates, in which case we will require our Affiliates to honor this Privacy Policy. If another company acquires DeucesCracked or our assets, that company will possess the Personal Data collected by it and us and will assume the rights and obligations regarding your Personal Data as described in this Privacy Policy. “Affiliates” mean a parent company of, any subsidiaries of, joint ventures with, or other companies under common control of DeucesCracked.
    2. Other Disclosures. Regardless of any choices you make regarding your Personal Data (as described below), DeucesCracked may disclose Personal Data if it believes in good faith that such disclosure is necessary to (a) comply with relevant laws or to respond to subpoenas or warrants served on DeucesCracked; or (b) protect or defend the rights or property of DeucesCracked or users of related services.
  7. Third Parties 
    1. Disclosure to Third Party Service Providers. Except as otherwise stated in this policy, we do not generally sell, trade, share, or rent the Personal Data collected from our services to other entities. However, we may share your Personal Data with third party service providers to provide you with website access and related services that we offer you through our website; to conduct quality assurance testing; to facilitate creation of accounts; to provide technical support; and to process financial transactions. These third party service providers are required not to use your Personal Data other than to provide the services requested by DeucesCracked. You expressly consent to the sharing of your Personal Data with our contractors and other service providers for the sole purpose of providing the website access and services to you. 
    2. Participating Merchants. If you sign up for programs or services available from affiliated websites, including the program available at www.rakeback.deucescracked.com (collectively, such programs or services the “Joint Services”), we may share your Personal Data with the third-party operators or providers of the Joint Services as necessary to enable such third parties to provide you with the Joint Service. You may “opt-out” of the sharing of your Personal Data with such third-party providers by adjusting the settings in your user account profile or contacting us at the address provided below in section 10, but in the event of such opt-out, you acknowledge and agree that you will no longer be eligible to participate in any Joint Service. Related services and offerings with links from this website, including vendor sites, have their own privacy statements that can be viewed by clicking on the corresponding links within each respective website. Online merchants and others who participate in Joint Services are encouraged to participate in industry privacy initiatives and to take a responsible attitude towards consumer privacy. However, because we do not have direct control over the policies or practices of participating merchants and other third parties, we are not responsible for the privacy practices or contents of those sites. We encourage you to read and understand their privacy policies.
  8. Your Choices Regarding Your Personal Data 
    1. Choices. We offer you choices regarding the collection, use, and sharing of your Personal Data. We may periodically send you free newsletters and e-mails that directly promote the use of our site or the purchase of our products or services and may contain advertisements for third-party companies. When you receive newsletters or promotional communications from us, you may indicate a preference to stop receiving further communications from us and you will have the opportunity to opt-out by following the unsubscribe instructions provided in the e-mail you receive, by setting your preferences on your user account profile, or by contacting us directly (please see contact information below). Should you decide to opt-out of receiving future mailings, we may share your e-mail address with third parties to ensure that you do not receive further communications from third parties. Despite your indicated e-mail preferences, we may send you notices of any updates to our Terms of Use or Privacy Policy. 
    2. Changes to Personal Data. You may change any of your Personal Data in your account by editing your account profile on the website or by sending an e-mail to us at the e-mail address set forth below. You may request deletion of your Personal Data by us, but please note that we may be required (by law or otherwise) to keep this information and not delete it (or to keep this information for a certain time, in which case we will comply with your deletion request only after we have fulfilled such requirements). When we delete any information, it will be deleted from the active database, but may remain in our archives.
  9. Security of Your Personal Data. DeucesCracked is committed to protecting the security of your Personal Data. We use a variety of industry-standard security technologies and procedures to help protect your Personal Data from unauthorized access, use, or disclosure. We also require you to enter a password to access your account information. Please do not disclose your account password to unauthorized people. Despite these measures, you should know that DeucesCracked cannot fully eliminate security risks associated with Personal Data and mistakes may happen.
  10. Contact Information. DeucesCracked welcomes your comments or questions regarding this Privacy Policy. Please e-mail us at support@deucescracked.com or contact us at the following address:



DeucesCracked, LLC  
Attn: Privacy Policy Coordinator  
5135 Ballard Ave NW  
Seattle, WA  
98107  


  1. Dispute Resolution. If you believe that DeucesCracked has not adhered to this Privacy Policy, please contact DeucesCracked by e-mail at support@deucescracked.com. We will do our best to address your concerns. If you feel that your complaint has been addressed incompletely, we invite you to let us know for further investigation. If you and DeucesCracked are unable to reach a resolution to the dispute, you and DeucesCracked will settle the dispute exclusively under the rules of the American Arbitration Association (www.adr.org).
  2. Changes to This Privacy Policy. This Privacy Policy is subject to occasional revision, and if we make any substantial changes in the way we use your Personal Data, we will notify you by sending you an e-mail to the last e-mail address you provided to us and/or by prominently posting notice of the changes on our website. Any material changes to this Privacy Policy will be effective upon the earlier of thirty (30) calendar days following our dispatch of an e-mail notice to you or thirty (30) calendar days following our posting of notice of the changes on our site. These changes will be effective immediately for new users of our website or related services. Please note that at all times you are responsible for updating your Personal Data to provide us with your most current e-mail address. In the event that the last e-mail address that you have provided us is not valid, or for any reason is not capable of delivering to you the notice described above, our dispatch of the e-mail containing such notice will nonetheless constitute effective notice of the changes described in the notice. In any event, changes to this Privacy Policy may affect our use of Personal Data that you provided us prior to our notification to you of the changes. If you do not wish to permit changes in our use of your Personal Data, you must notify us prior to the effective date of the changes that you wish to deactivate your account with us. Continued use of our website or related services following notice of such changes will indicate your acknowledgement of such changes and agreement to be bound by the terms and conditions of such changes.



This Privacy Policy was last revised on 09/01/2009.

  

