> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the danmurphys.com.au privacy policy that was archived on 2002-12-06. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20021206182148id_/http%3A//www.danmurphys.com.au/privacy.php) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Dan Murphy's : Privacy Policy & Disclaimer

  
| IN THE PRESS  
---  
Herald Sun Food & Drink Magazine features Dan Murphy exclusives  
**Chateau London Macon Ige 1999**   
**** [More Info...](https://web.archive.org/web/20021206182148id_/http%3A//www.danmurphys.com.au/features.php#clondon) |   
**Domaine d'Andezon Cotes du Rhone 2000**  
**** [More Info...](https://web.archive.org/web/20021206182148id_/http%3A//www.danmurphys.com.au/features.php#dda) |   
|   
Disclaimer  
Although every effort has been made to ensure the accuracy of the information and data contained on this web site, visitors to the site should note that this information and data is subject to change without notice, and its use, for whatever purpose is at your sole risk. No warranties, either express or implied are provided by Dan Murphy's and all promotional deals and offers are subject to terms and conditions which may vary from time to time and to the availability of stock. Dan Murphy's agents, instrumentalities, officers and employees: **1.** Make no representations, expressed or implied, as to the accuracy of the information and data contained on this site. **2.** Accept no liability for any use of the said information and data or reliance placed on it. **3.** Make no representations, either expressed or implied, as to the suitability of the said information and data for any particular purpose; and **4.** Make no warranties that the said information and data is free of infection by computer viruses or other contamination.    
Privacy   
Dan Murphy's is an operating division of Woolworths Limited, one of Australia's leading retail groups. Dan Murphy's has been operating in Victoria since 1878 and today operates a highly successful chain of liquor retail outlets in Victoria. This statement sets out Dan Murphy's policies with respect to your interactive use of the material contained in the Dan Murphy's web site and the collection/use of your personal information. Dan Murphy's is committed to the principle of protecting an individual's privacy and acknowledges that you have a right to control your personal information. Any personal information that we are entrusted with will be treated with due regard to these rights. Unless you give us explicit consent to act otherwise, the following policy will govern how Dan Murphy's handles your personal information and safeguards your privacy. We will be guided in our dealings with you by respecting your choice as to who can use your personal information and how it can be used. We believe that our privacy policy is consistent with industry best practice.    
Collecting personal information about you.  
Whenever you visit our website, the web server automatically retains your IP address and your activity on the site i.e. time of the visit and the pages which you visit. We also count, track and aggregate all site activity, which allows us to analyse general traffic flows and to identify the most useful sections of the site. The reason this information is gathered is to enhance and develop the site to best meet the needs and expectations of our customers. It also provides us with the means by which we can monitor and develop our infrastructure in order to provide a robust web service. If the Dan Murphy's site requires you to provide an email address and/or other particulars to facilitate a query response or to process an order for the supply of goods, these details will be stored on the company's web server. This information will be kept confidential and will not be distributed to any third party without your express consent.    
Cookies  
The Dan Murphy's web site uses cookies to assist in the compilation of statistical analysis and is also used on occasions to customise the site for faster use. It is important to note that cookies by themselves cannot be used to determine the actual identity of users. Most web browsers are set to accept cookies, however if you do not wish to receive cookies you may set your browser to refuse cookies.    
Using and disclosing your personal information  
Dan Murphy's will not disclose any information about you without your consent, or access your communications on our website unless; Law obliges us to; We believe that it is necessary to do so in order to service your inquiries/requests; To implement our terms of use; To protect the rights of Dan Murphy's, any Dan Murphy's website user, our staff and authorised agents or any member of the public; To lessen a serious risk or threat to a person's health or safety;    
Spam  
Any electronic transmission of advertising information "spam" will not be sent to you without your consent. Provision will be made on the website for you to vary your instructions with regards to the provision of this information.    
Storage & security of personal information provided.  
Dan Murphy's will take all reasonable steps to ensure that any information we hold about you is kept secure, accurate and up to date. Your information is maintained on secure web servers housed in a controlled and protected environment. In addition all staff and contractors are obliged to respect your privacy and the confidentiality of any personal information held by Dan Murphy's. Please note that with respect to the foregoing, Dan Murphy's will not be held responsible for events, and or personal loss and suffering arising from unauthorised access to your personal information.   

