> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the asuswebstorage.com privacy policy that was archived on 2016-11-04. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20161104193918id_/https%3A//service.asuswebstorage.com/privacy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Online backup, file sync, for pad, PC, Android and iPhone - ASUS WebStorage

ASUS Cloud Corporation (hereinafter referred to as “ASUS Cloud,” “We,” or “US”) Privacy Protection Policy (hereinafter referred to as “Privacy Protection Policy”) outlines what personal information we may collect, how we use and safeguard the collected personal information and with whom we may share it. Your submission of your personal information to ASUS Cloud will be deemed that you accept the Privacy Protection Policy.

#### Information That ASUS Cloud Collect and How ASUS Cloud Use It

You understand and agree that ASUS Cloud may collect your personal information in order to provide this service (hereinafter referred to as “SERVICE”) if you elect to engage in SERVICE. Information that ASUS Cloud collect and how ASUS Cloud use it are identified as below:

ASUS Cloud will collect your E-mail address and country location in order to send you the free commercial marketing and promotional information that you subscribed to when you registered to become an ASUS Cloud member.

ASUS Cloud will also collect information on your name, mailing address (including zip code) and contact number in order to mail you the invoices when you purchase our upgrade plans.

ASUS Cloud may also collect related data generated by the server you used to operate our SERVICE on any devices, including but not limited to the IP address of your connecting device, usage time, browser used and type of device, records on browsed and clicked information, operating system, error log, and other information related to the device you used in order to enhance the user experience and improve the stability of our SERVICE. We will also tag the browser you used to enjoy our SERVICE and generalize the ASUS Cloud-related web pages you have browsed on your browser to perform overall user behavior analysis in order to develop new functions for SERVICE.

We may share the information described above to our contractors and/or agents acting on our behalf and within the scope of our SERVICE, we will not sell or market it to other third parties.

ASUS Cloud may use services provided by trustworthy third parties on our SERVICE. Please be notified that ASUS Cloud has no responsibility on the third parties’ services, this Privacy Protection Policy applies on the SERVICE only, please read the privacy statement of third parties if you would like to have any further information.

List of third parties that collaborate with ASUS Cloud is as follows: 

  * Google Analysis
  * Crashlytics



When you submit personal information to Asus Cloud, you understand and agree that this personal information may be transferred between ASUS Cloud and agents and/or contractors of ASUS Cloud internationally, and may be stored and processed in any of the countries which ASUS Cloud and agents and/or contractors of ASUS Cloud locate in. All transfer, storage and use of your personal information shall be subject to and protected by the Privacy Protection Policy.

#### If your account is managed by an administrator

Your administrator may be able to: 

  * Change your account password
  * Suspend or terminate your account access
  * Access or retain information stored as part of your account
  * Receive your account information in order to satisfy applicable laws, regulations, legal process or enforceable governmental request
  * Restrict your ability to delete or edit information or privacy settings



#### How You Can Access Your Information

You may query, view, archive, amend and correct your information by logging in and editing your account settings on our web site.

You can email technical support service of ASUS Cloud at contact@asuswebstorage.com to request us to cease collecting, process and using your personal information or to delete and remove your registered account.

#### Additional Information Concerning Children’s Privacy

We do not knowingly collect personal information from children without their parent’s or guardian’s consent. We encourage parents and guardians to take an active role in their children’s online activities and interests while using the service. If you are a child, please seek and verify your parent’s or guardian’s consent. Only after we verify your parent’s or guardian’s consent, you may submit personal information to us. Your parent or guardian can revoke any consent previously given.

#### Sensitive Personal Information

ASUS Cloud will never ask you to provide sensitive personal information such as information about your medical or health record, political or religious beliefs, criminal offences alleged or committed criminal conviction background, sexual orientation, sexual life or genetic information. Please refrain from providing us with such information.

#### Security

We take precautions to protect your personal information against unauthorized access or unauthorized alteration, disclosure or destruction. These include internal reviews of our personal information collection, storage and processing practices and security measures, as well as physical security measures to guard against unauthorized access to systems where we store your personal information. Transmission of personal information between different locations of ASUS Cloud affiliated companies is performed through our secured wide area network. When you submit personal information via SERVICE, your information is protected both online and offline. However, ASUS Cloud cannot guarantee a perfect security on the internet. When using the internet, we recommended that you use alphanumerical usernames and passwords and change your passwords on a regular basis, as well as keep your computer up to date by applying the latest available security updates for your software and using such tools as virus/spyware scanners.

If you have any questions regarding the security of our web site, please refer to our security web page.

#### Amendment of Privacy Protection Policy

You acknowledge and agree that we reserve the right to amend or change our Privacy Protection Policy. We will make our Privacy Protection Policy amendment or change notice in this web page; and for material amendment and change to our Privacy Protection Policy. Official notification will be released via email to you or on our website (www.asuswebstorage.com) whenever there is major amendment for our policy of utilizing personal data. Your continuing use of SERVICE will be deemed your acknowledgement and agreement to our policy as amended.

#### Contacting Us

If you have any inquiries, questions, comments or complaints about the Privacy Protection Policy, please feel free to contact us at contact@asuswebstorage.com.

Updated March 23, 2016 by ASUS Cloud Corporation
