> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the oshatrain.org privacy policy that was archived on 2010-06-26. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20100626010417id_/http%3A//www.oshatrain.org/pages/privacy.html) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# OSHAcademy Free OSHA Courses, and Valuable Certificate Programs

Privacy Statement 

This notice provides highlights of the full OSHAcademy Privacy Statement. This notice and the full statement apply to all Geigle Communications, LLC websites and services. **Personal Information** When you enroll and complete online courses, OSHAcademy will ask you to provide personal information. OSHAcademy will _not_ use cookies and other technologies to keep track of your interactions with our online training services. If you choose to purchase a product (such as certificates, workbooks, etc.), you will be redirected to [PayPal](http://www.paypal.com/) to transact the purchase. [PayPal](http://www.paypal.com/) is widely used and is a trusted partner for the purpose of transacting online purchases. Geigle Communications, LLC, or it's partner websites does not collect personal financial information. **Uses of Information** OSHAcademy uses the information collected to help us provide online training services you request. Our services may include the display of advertising. OSHAcademy may use your information to inform you of other products or services offered by Geigle Communications, LLC, and to send you relevant survey invitations related to our services. OSHAcademy will not sell, rent, or lease our customer lists to third parties. We may send service communications such as welcome letters, information on service issues, and security announcements. We may also occasionally send you product surveys or promotional mailings to inform you of other products or services available from Geigle Communications, LLC, and its affiliates. Microsoft may access and/or disclose your personal information if required to do so by law or in the good faith belief that such action is necessary to: (a) conform to the edicts of the law or comply with legal process served on Geigle Communications or the site; (b) protect and defend the rights or property of Geigle Communications, LLC, including its partner websites; or (c) act in urgent circumstances to protect the personal safety of users of Geigle Communications, LLC, services. Personal information collected on this site is stored and processed in the United States at Geigle Communications, LLC, home office in Portland, Oregon. **Control of your Personal Information** We offer you choices for the collection, use and sharing of your personal information. You may choose not to receive marketing material from Geigle Communications, LLC. You may also stop the delivery of future e-mail from Geigle Communications, LLC, by following the specific instructions in the e-mail you receive. You may subscribe and unsubscribe to Geigle Communications, LLC, newsletters. Each newsletter you receive will have instructions on how to unsubscribe prominently mentioned in it. You may have the ability to view or edit your personal information. If you wish to update your personal information or change a password, please inform us via email. **Use of Cookies** Geigle Communications, LLC, or its partner websites does not use "cookies." A cookie is a small text file that is placed on your hard disk by a Web page server. Cookies contain information that can later be read by a web server in the domain that issued the cookie to you. Cookies cannot be used to run programs or deliver viruses to your computer. Most Web browsers automatically accept cookies, but you can usually modify your browser setting to decline cookies if you prefer. If you choose to decline cookies, you may not be able to sign in or use other interactive features of MSN and Windows Live sites and services that depend on cookies. **Enforcement of this Privacy Statement** If you have questions regarding this statement, contact Geigle Communications, LLC via [email](https://web.archive.org/web/20100626010417id_/http%3A//www.oshatrain.org/pages/444php/contact444.php) or by calling 866.292.1430. **Changes to this Statement** We will occasionally update this Privacy Statement to reflect changes in our services and customer feedback. When we post changes to this Statement, you will see the word "updated" next to the Privacy Statement link on the front pages of Geigle Communications, LLC, partner websites. If there are material changes to this Statement or in how Microsoft will use your personal information, we will prominently post such changes prior to implementing the change. We encourage you to periodically review this Statement to be informed of how Microsoft is protecting your information. **Contact Information** Geigle Communications, LLC, welcomes your comments regarding this Privacy Statement. If you have questions about this Statement or believe that we have not adhered to it, please contact us via mail, email, or phone. Geigle Communications, LLC   
515 NW Saltzman Road NW #767   
Portland, Oregon 97229-6098  
503.292.0654 

Copyright © 2000-2010 Geigle Communications. All rights reserved. Federal copyright law prohibits unauthorized reproduction by any means and imposes fines up to $25,000 for violations. [Comment](https://web.archive.org/web/20100626010417id_/http%3A//www.oshatrain.org/444php/contact444.php) | [Disclaimer](https://web.archive.org/web/20100626010417id_/http%3A//www.oshatrain.org/pages/pages/disclaimer.html)
