> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the foxsearchlight.com privacy policy that was archived on 2001-04-09. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20010409170832id_/http%3A//foxsearchlight.com/terms.htm) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# PRIVACY POLICY

**_PRIVACY POLICY_**  
**WELCOME TO FOX SEARCHLIGHT.COM**  
This Internet site (the "Site"), is operated and maintained by Fox Entertainment Group, Inc., which includes Twentieth Century Fox, Fox 2000, Fox Animation Studios, Inc., Fox Searchlight Pictures, Inc., Twentieth Century Fox Home Entertainment, Inc., Fox Interactive, Inc., Fox Television Studios, Inc., Fox Pay-Per-View Services, Inc., and Twentieth Television, Inc. (collectively, "Fox"). This Privacy Policy describes Fox's policies and procedures for the collection of personal information by this Site, and our use and dissemination of such information. If you do not feel comfortable with Fox's Privacy Policy, please do not use this Site or allow your children to use it.   
**This Privacy Policy consists of two sections. Section I describes Fox policies that apply to the collection, use and disclosure of personal information furnished to us by visitors to our Site who are age 13 and over. Section II describes the special additional policies Fox applies to the collection, use and disclosure of personal information about visitors to our Site who are under age 13. Parents should read both Sections to obtain a full understanding of Fox's privacy policies and practices.**  
From time to time Fox may revise this Privacy Policy. Therefore you should review it periodically so that you are up to date on our policies and practices. If there is a material change in those policies or practices that relate to the collection, use or disclosure of children's personal information, parents whose children have provided us with such information in the past will be notified. If you want to communicate with us about our Privacy Policy, please contact us at:  
Twentieth Century Fox   
P.O. Box 900   
Beverly Hills, CA 90213-0900   
Telephone: (877) 656-5849   
International Callers: (310) 649-6546   
Fax: (877) 312-5185   
Email: privacy@foxmovies.com   
**_I. POLICIES THAT APPLY TO INDIVIDUALS AGE 13 AND OVER_**  
**_COLLECTION OF PERSONALLY IDENTIFIABLE INFORMATION BY FOX_**  
      _General._ Personally identifiable information about visitors to this Site (that is, information such as a visitor's name, email address, mailing address, or telephone number) is collected only when knowingly and voluntarily submitted. Such information may be requested in connection with our sweepstakes, contests, games, surveys, forums, subscription registrations, content submissions, chats, bulletin boards, requests for suggestions, visitors' requests for products or services, and visitors' requests for additional information.   
      _Joint Collection of Personal Information_. Sometimes Fox collects personal information jointly with business partners or sponsors. The identity of the entities collecting personal information will be clear at the time your personal information is collected. A detailed description of shared use can also be found in the specific Terms of Use for this Site, and in the rules for sweepstakes and promotions.   
**_WHAT FOX DOES (AND DOESN'T DO) WITH THE PERSONAL INFORMATION WE COLLECT_**  
      _General_. Fox uses personally identifiable information only for the purpose for which it is submitted unless we disclose other uses at the time of collection, in which case you will have the opportunity to instruct us not to use your data in other ways.  
      _Sharing Personal Information_. Fox may share personally identifiable information with other Fox companies or with some of our business partners who would like to send you information about their products or services. However, when we collect your information you will have the opportunity to instruct us not to share your information in these ways.   
**_LINKS/CO-BRANDED SITES_**  
Fox has established relationships with advertisers and reputable business partners that allow visitors to our Site to link directly to sites operated by these partners. Some of these sites may be "co-branded" with a Fox logo; however, they are not operated or maintained by Fox. These sites may collect personal information from you. This Privacy Policy will apply to any personal information we obtain in this manner from our partners.  
Fox chooses its advertisers and business partners carefully. However, Fox is not responsible for the content or practices of Web sites operated by third parties that are linked to our Site. These links are meant for the user's convenience only. Links to third party sites do not constitute sponsorship, endorsement or approval by Fox of the content, policies or practices of such third party sites. We are not responsible for any information these sites may obtain and do not oversee their policies or practices in collecting personal information. Therefore, once you have left this Site via such a link, you should check the applicable privacy policy of the third party site.   
This Site may also be linked to Web sites operated by companies affiliated with Fox. Fox may share information collected by our affiliated companies; however, this Privacy Policy will apply to any personal information we receive in this manner. Visitors to our affiliated sites should still refer to their separate privacy policies and practices when providing any personally identifiable information.   
**_NON-PERSONALLY IDENTIFIABLE INFORMATION_**  
When visitors come to our Site, we collect and aggregate information indicating, among other things, which web pages were visited, the order in which they were visited, and which hyperlinks, if any, were "clicked" by the visitor. Collecting such information involves the logging of IP addresses, operating system (e.g., Windows or Macintosh), type of browser software (e.g., Netscape Navigator or Internet Explorer), and Internet service providers (e.g., AOL or Earthlink.net) used by each visitor to the Site. Although such information is not personally identifiable, it can be used to determine the IP address of the visitor's Internet Service Provider and the geographic location of his or her point of connectivity to the Internet.   
Cookies are small bits of information that our site places on the hard drive of your computer to enable us to do a number of things to make your visit and future visits to the site more enjoyable. For example, cookies allow a visitor to quickly log on to a site he/she has used before by storing a password. Cookies are not used to obtain information about a user that was not previously provided in a cookie. The cookie itself does not contain any personally identifiable information about a visitor, and Fox does not use cookies in order to obtain such information. Fox will never save credit card information in cookies. Cookies are used by most major sites of the Internet. Visitors may receive cookies from third parties, but Fox cannot control the content of these cookies. You should consult your browser owner's manual for instructions on how to refuse cookies.  
Fox uses non-personally identifiable information and information obtained through the use of cookies in order to improve the Site. By tracking how many people visit our Site and where visitors go on our Site, we are able to determine which part of the Site users like the best, which part needs some improvement and what changes should be made. By obtaining this information, we are able to continually improve our Site and bring you the best online experience possible. Fox may also disclose some of non-personal information we obtain to advertisers to inform them of how many people have seen or linked to their advertisements on our Site. However, we will never disclose personally identifiable information to these advertisers.  
_**REVIEWING AND MAKING CHANGES TO PERSONALLY IDENTIFIABLE INFORMATION**_  
Visitors may review or delete personal information from our records at any time. If you would like your personal information deleted, please contact us at [remove@foxmovies.com](mailto:remove@foxmovies.com). We will immediately delete your information from our database and refrain from collecting any other personally identifiable information from your child, if you so request. However, there may be residual information that will remain within our databases that may or may not contain personally identifiable information. This residual information will not be given to any other third party or used for any commercial purpose.   
If you would like to review your personal information in our records, or change any personally identifiable information previously submitted, please go to [infocheck@foxmovies.com](mailto:infocheck@foxmovies.com).  
**_SECURITY AND INTEGRITY OF PERSONAL INFORMATION_**  
Fox has established and maintains reasonable procedures to protect the confidentiality, security and integrity of personal information collected by this Site.  
**_II. ADDITIONAL POLICIES THAT APPLY TO CHILDREN UNDER 13_**  
**_KIDS AND INTERNET SAFETY_**  
We at Fox understand that the Internet presents an opportunity for us to reach the public in new and exciting ways with information about our programming, fun games, exciting sweepstakes and contests, email, chat rooms, bulletin boards, and other forms of interactivity. Fox also recognizes the privacy concerns of parents, and the importance of protecting the privacy of the information this Site collects from children. Parents of children who visit this Site can be confident that any personal information that may be provided to this Site will be collected and maintained in accordance with the Children's Online Privacy Protection Act ("COPPA"). Fox encourages parents to supervise their children's activities online and to participate with their children's online activities whenever possible. However, we understand that parents may not always be able to supervise their children's activities on the Internet. That's why Fox has developed a Site that parents can feel is safe for their children and kids will find cool, informative, educational, and fun! Because there's always room for improvement, Fox welcomes any suggestions on how to make the Site a better, safer place to hang out.  
Section I of this Privacy Policy applies to the collection of personal information from all visitors to this site, regardless of age. Section II describes the special, additional policies Fox applies to the collection, use and disclosure of personal information submitted to this Site by children under 13.  
**_COLLECTION AND USE OF PERSONALLY IDENTIFIABLE INFORMATION FROM CHILDREN UNDER 13_**  
When a visitor to our Site is under the age of 13, Fox does not require the disclosure of more personally identifiable information than is reasonably necessary for him or her to participate in an activity as a condition of such participation.   
Fox may use different types of personally identifiable information submitted to this Site by children under 13 in a variety of ways, which are described below. In each instance, we comply with the parental consent requirements of COPPA.  
A. _Use of a Child's Information by Fox_  
|   | · We may collect a child's email address in connection with a contest, sweepstakes or game for the sole purpose of communicating with the child on a one-time-only basis (i.e., to contact a contest winner). This information will not be used to re-contact the child, and will be deleted from our records when the contest or game is over. Parental consent is obtained before we send the winner a prize.  
---|---  
  | · We may collect a child's email address in order to respond more than once to a child's specific request. For example, the child may want to subscribe to an online newsletter or receive other online communications from Fox. In these instances Fox will also obtain a parent's email address along with the child's. Before any further contact with the child, Fox will send an email to the parent (a) notifying him or her we have collected the child's email address in order to respond more than once to the child's request for a subscription, information, etc; (b) informing the parent that he or she can refuse us permission to contact the child, and how to do so; and (c) informing the parent that if he or she does not respond to the email within one (1) week, Fox may use the child's information for the purpose for which it was submitted. Under no circumstances will the child be allowed to participate without giving a parent's email address.  
  | · We may collect a child's personally identifiable information (including name, email address, mailing address and phone number) for such activities as chats, forums, surveys, games, bulletin boards, requests for suggestions, subscription registrations, content submissions, requests for products or services, or requests for additional information. In these instances we will initially collect only the child's name and online contact information and the email address of the child's parent. Before using this information for any purpose, we will send the parent an email that (a) informs the parent that we wish to collect and use the child's personal information and need the parent's consent to do so, and (b) provides the parent with a link to access this Privacy Policy, which describes our information collection and use policies as required by COPPA. If the proposed use of the child's personal information does not involve disclosure to a third party, then Fox will ask the parent to provide consent by return email. Upon receipt of the email consent, we will send the parent a confirming email.   
  | · We may collect a child's name and email address to the extent reasonably necessary to protect the security of this Site, to protect against liability or as required or permitted by law. Information collected for these reasons will not be used for any other purpose.  
_B. Sharing Children's Personal Information With Third Parties_. Fox may share a child's personal information with affiliated Fox companies for research and marketing purposes. These Fox companies have agreed to maintain the confidentiality, security and integrity of the personal information they obtain from Fox. As noted above, parents must affirmatively consent to the disclosure of their child's personal information to third parties. Parents may consent to Fox's collection and use of a child's personal information without consenting to the disclosure of the information to third parties.   
**_LINKS/CO-BRANDED SITES_**  
As noted in Section I of this Privacy Policy, this Site may link directly to sites operated by Fox's advertisers, business partners and affiliated companies. Those sites, which are not controlled by Fox, may collect personal information from your child. Parents should therefore check the relevant site's privacy policy to understand how it collects and uses children's personal information. Fox will not share in any personal information obtained by another site from a child under the age of 13 unless that site follows the requirements of COPPA.  
**_REVIEWING AND MAKING CHANGES TO PERSONALLY IDENTIFIABLE INFORMATION COLLECTED FROM CHILDREN UNDER 13_**  
Parents of children under age 13 may review or delete personal information about their children from our records at any time. If you would like your child's personal information deleted, please contact us at [remove@foxmovies.com](mailto:remove@foxmovies.com). We will immediately delete your child's information from our database and refrain from collecting any other personally identifiable information from your child, if you so request.   
If you would like to review the personal information in our records submitted by your child, or change any personally identifiable information previously submitted by your child, please go to [infocheck@foxmovies.com](mailto:infocheck@foxmovies.com) and follow the instructions.  
© 2001 Twentieth Century Fox. All Rights Reserved.  
   
  
**TERMS & CONDITIONS**

  
Please read these terms of use carefully before using this site. If you do not agree with any of the below Terms of Use, please do not use this site. This site is governed by a Privacy Policy which can be found herein. Some sections of the site may have additional privacy practices which are described in detail at those specific locations. Fox reviews its Privacy Policies periodically and reserves the right to make revisions at any time. Fox encourages parents and children to review the Privacy Policies often for changes. Participant's continued use of the site after a change has been to the policies of the site implies Participant's assent to those changes. 

**COPYRIGHTS, TRADEMARKS, & RESTRICTIONS**

  
TM and © 2001 TWENTIETH CENTURY FOX CORP., AND RELATED ENTITIES ("FOX"). ALL RIGHTS RESERVED. ALL MATERIALS CONTAINED IN THIS SITE, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, IMAGES, ILLUSTRATIONS, AUDIO CLIPS, AND VIDEO CLIPS INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO TRAILERS, TV SPOTS AND ANY AND ALL AUDIO VISUAL MATERIALS (COLLECTIVELY "THE MATERIAL") ARE PROTECTED BY COPYRIGHT AND TRADEMARK AND SHALL NOT BE USED FOR ANY PURPOSE WHATSOEVER OTHER THAN PRIVATE, NON-COMMERCIAL VIEWING PURPOSES. REPRODUCTION, DUPLICATION, DISTRIBUTION, DERIVATIVE WORKS, POSTING, AND OTHER UNAUTHORIZED COPYING OR USE OF THE MATERIAL CONTAINED HEREIN IS EXPRESSLY PROHIBITED.

Fox grants Participant a non-exclusive, non-assignable, and non-transferable license to use and display, for personal and noncommercial use only, one copy of any material that Participant may download from this site, including, but not limited to, any files, codes, audio, or images incorporated in or generated by the software (collectively "Downloaded Material") provided, however, that Participant maintains all copyright and other notices contained in such Downloaded Material. Participant acknowledges and agrees not to sublicense, assign, or otherwise transfer this license or the Downloaded Material. Participant also agrees not to alter, disassemble, decompile, reverse engineer, or otherwise modify the Downloaded Material. 

If Participant wishes to license any Fox Material, including but not limited to, Material contained in this site, please contact the Fox Clip Licensing Department at (310) 369-3605. 

  
**USER'S AGREEMENT AND RULES OF CONDUCT FOR FOX SITE**

  
Use and participation in Fox's Internet site is contingent upon Participant's acceptance of the following terms and rules. By using this web site, Participant accepts these terms. For purposes of this agreement, "Participant" refers to you. "Fox" refers to Twentieth Century Fox, its parent, subsidiary and affiliated companies.

**1\. RULES OF CONDUCT:**

(a) Participant shall not post or transmit through Fox any defamatory, threatening, obscene, harmful, pornographic or other material which would violate or infringe in any way upon the rights of others, or which would give rise to criminal or civil liability and/or violate federal or local law or regulation.   
(b) Participant shall not upload, post or otherwise make available on the Fox site any material protected by copyright, trademark or other proprietary right without the express permission of the owner of such copyright, trademark or other proprietary right.

**2\. SUBMISSIONS POLICY**

Notwithstanding the above, Participant hereby waives any and all rights to any stories, ideas, drawings, opinions, and any other creative "materials" posted to the Fox site. Participant authorizes Fox to utilize, in any manner it sees fit and for eternity, the materials posted on the site, which shall become the property of Fox. Participant releases Fox from any and all claims or liability (now known or hereafter arising) in connection therewith, and agrees to indemnify Fox in connection therewith pursuant to the terms of Paragraph 3 below. Participant agrees and acknowledges that participation in the Fox site shall not give rise to any confidential, fiduciary, implied-in-fact, implied-in-law, contractual, or other special relationship between Fox and Participant (other than the contractual relationship between Fox and Participant entered into by virtue of Participant's agreement to these Rules of Conduct.)

  
**3\. RIGHTS OF FOX / DISCLAIMER OF LIABILITY:**

(a) Fox is a distributor only (and not a publisher) of Fox Chat Room and Bulletin Board content which is supplied by Participant with occasional responses from Fox. Fox shall not be responsible for policing, monitoring, or editing such content, exercises no more editorial control over such content than would a public library, bookstore, newsstand, or other distributor of content, and accordingly, shall not be responsible for exercising editorial control over such content. Notwithstanding the foregoing, Fox shall have the right, but not the obligation, to monitor such content in order to respond to or comment upon communications by Participants and in order to determine compliance with the foregoing Rules of Conduct. Fox shall have the right and sole discretion to edit, to refuse to post or to remove any content whatsoever which it finds to be in violation of the provisions hereof or which it finds in its sole discretion to be otherwise objectionable for any reason. 

The opinions expressed in the chat rooms and bulletin boards are not necessarily (and in some cases not at all) those of Fox. Fox is not responsible for any materials provided by users which are deemed harmful or offensive to others. Fox is not responsible in any way for any injury, loss or damage which occurs as a result of an opinion expressed or information provided in these sections of the site.

(b) Fox makes no warranties, express or implied, as to the content in the Fox site or the accuracy or reliability of any information or statements contained therein. All statements, advice and opinions made by Participants in Fox Chat Rooms and Bulletin Boards are those of such Participants only, and Fox neither endorses nor shall be held responsible for the reliability or accuracy of same. 

(c) Fox is not responsible for the content or practices of third party Web sites that may be linked to a Fox site. This site may also be linked to Web sites operated by companies affiliated with Fox. Visitors to those sites should refer to each site's separate privacy policies and practices.

**4\. PARTICIPANT'S INDEMNIFICATION / OBLIGATIONS:**

Participant agrees to defend, indemnify and hold harmless Fox, its parent, subsidiary and affiliated companies and their respective directors, officers, employees and agents from and against all claims, losses, costs and expenses (including attorneys fees) arising out of Participant's use of Fox sites, or arising out of any violation of these Rules of Conduct by Participant including, without limitation, any communication by Participant which is claimed to be defamatory, obscene or otherwise unlawful, which is claimed to violate the copyright, trademark, proprietary or other rights of third parties, or which constitutes a submission of materials.

**5\. TERMINATION:**

Fox shall have the right to immediately terminate any Participant's use of the Fox site if Fox determines in its sole discretion that Participant has violated the Rules of Conduct set forth herein or otherwise breached this agreement, or has engaged in conduct which Fox determines in its sole discretion to be unacceptable. 

**6\. MISCELLANEOUS:**

This Agreement constitutes the entire agreement of the parties with respect to the subject matter hereof and supersedes all prior or contemporaneous written or oral agreements between the parties with respect to the subject matter hereof. This Agreement shall be construed in accordance with the laws of the State of California, and parties consent to the jurisdiction of the courts in the Central District of California, County of Los Angeles, without regard to its conflict of laws rules.

The Fox site contains neither expressed no implied warranties for use. Fox does not warrant that the site will be without viruses or defects, and Fox is not responsible for any repair or maintenance visitor's system may require as a result of using the Fox site. 

This site is operated by Fox from its headquarters in Los Angeles, California. Participants attempting to access this site from other locations do so of their own volition and shall comply with any applicable local laws governing interactive sites. 

© 2001 Twentieth Century Fox. All Rights Reserved.   
  
 
