> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the foxsoccer.com privacy policy that was archived on 2011-12-07. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20111207234551id_/http%3A//msn.foxsports.com/foxsoccer/world/story/privacy-policy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy Policy World - News | FOX Sports on MSN

Updated Oct 3, 2011 3:27 AM ET

FoxSoccer.com Privacy Policy   
Effective Date: September 1,2011

1\. INTRODUCTION   
Fox Sports Interactive Media, LLC (“Fox” or “we” or “us”) operates the website [http://msn. foxsports.com/foxsoccer](http://msn.%20foxsports.com/foxsoccer) (“FoxSoccer.com” or “Site”), which is an entertainment website including community features that allows users to discover content, create personal profiles, view and comment on content, purchase streaming video content and participate in fantasy games. The services Fox offers include any Fox-branded URL, online community features, public forums, Fantasy Games and any other features, content, or applications offered from time to time by Fox in connection with Fox’s business, including when accessed via the Internet, mobile or other device (collectively, the "Fox Services"). Fox is part of the [United States](https://web.archive.org/foxsoccer/worldcup/team/usa%20mens/104295) based operations of News Corporation.   
As set forth in our Terms of Use, the Site is a general audience website, is not targeted to children, and does not knowingly collect personal information from children under 13 years of age.   
This Privacy Policy describes Fox’s collection, use and sharing of personal information about users (e.g., information that identifies a specific person, such as full name or email address) where that personal information is not otherwise publicly available on the Site. This Privacy Policy also describes generally Fox’s practices for handling non-personally identifiable information (e.g., user interests, demographics, or Site usage) to the extent such non-personally identifiable information is associated with a particular user or user account. This Privacy Policy applies to all “users,” including visitors (users who use some of the Fox Services without being registered with Fox), “Members” (users who have registered with Fox) and "Subscribers" (Members who have purchased a Premium Subscription or newsletter). All personal information collected on the Site is jointly owned by Fox, Microsoft Online, Inc. (“MSN”) and Fox Soccer Channel, LLC.   
2\. SUBMISSION AND COLLECTION OF INFORMATION ON WEBSITE   
User Submitted Information   
Registration Information: is the required information that a user must provide when they register as a Member with the Site (“Member Profile,” also called a “user account”), and includes first and last name, email address and password, (“Required Registration Information”) or to enter a contest or sweepstake. When you register to become a Member you will be notified at the time of registration if your Required Registration Information is being collected by MSN through your Windows Live ID account or directly by us through the Fox registration process.   
Subscription Information: is the information that Subscribers must provide to us in order to receive a Fox newsletter and may includes first and last name and email.   
Site Product Purchase Information. If you elect to purchase any Site Product through the Site you will be required to provide personal financial information, including your credit card information, billing address or other payment information (collectively, “Personal Financial Information”), full name, phone number and shipping address in order to purchase such Site Service. You must be 18 years of age or older to submit Personal Financial Information on the Site, including to place an order on the Site.   
Fantasy Games. If you elect to participate in one of the various Fantasy Games offered through the Site, including, without limitation, Premier League and FC Dynasty, you will be required to provide Required Registration Information and, if you choose to participate in the pay-to-play Fantasy Games you will be required to provide Personal Financial Information, full name and phone number in order to purchase such Fox Services. At the time of purchase you will also be requested to select your Fantasy Game competition type (e.g. Gold or Platinum). If you would like to subscribe or unsubscribe from any Fantasy Game please refer to our Terms of Use for more information.   
Public Forum Login Information If you elect to post comments on any of the public forums provided on the Site you will be required to register as a Member and sign in with your email address and password. When you sign in you will be notified if your sign-in information is being collected and authenticated by MSN through your Windows Live ID account or directly by us.   
Public Information and Posts consist of your username and, if you provide one, your profile picture and any additional information you chose to make public through your Member Profile and your posts and comments on the Fox Services outside of your Member Profile. Your username will be public, which means it is available to everyone and will be displayed in search results on the Site and on external search engines. Please select your username carefully. Your posts and comments outside of your Member Profile include those made on other Member Profiles and on general Fox content, such as FoxSoccer.com provided photos, and in general FoxSoccer.com areas, such as forums and chats. Your Public Information and Posts are always public, which means they are available to everyone and will be displayed in search results both on the Fox Services and on external search engines. However, when you post content or comments on another Member’s Profile, that information will be disclosed consistent with that Member’s Privacy Settings.   
Profile Content consists of information Members may add to their profile. It includes location Member’s content, such as “About Me,” favorite team, photos and videos, as well as the Member’s blog, friends, comments and similar information. You can choose which users you share your Profile Content with, as well as change your search and activity Privacy in your Privacy Settings.   
We may also collect user submitted information in an offline or manual format, such as a postcard. In such circumstances, you will be provided with a short notice that describes how to obtain the full text of this Privacy Policy and other relevant information.   
Site Collected Information   
Site Activity Information. When users visit the Site, we may collect certain non-personally identifiable information about those visits. For example, in order to permit your connection to the Site, our servers receive and record information about your computer and browser, including potentially your IP address, browser type, and other software or hardware information. If you access the Fox Services from a mobile or other device, we may collect a unique device identifier assigned to that device or other transactional information for that device in order to serve content to it. We also may use cookies and other tracking technologies (including browser cookies, pixels, beacons, and Adobe flash technology including cookies), which are small bits of data that often include an anonymous unique identifier. Websites send this data to your browser when you first request a web page and then store the data on your computer so the website can access information when you make subsequent requests for pages from that website. We may use these technologies to collect and store information about your usage of the Site, such as pages you have visited, search queries you have run and advertisements you have seen.   
Third-parties that support the Site by serving advertisements or providing Fox Services, such as allowing users to share content, view premium content, participate in Fantasy Games or post to the forums or tracking aggregate Site usage statistics, may also use these technologies to collect similar information. Fox does not control these third-party technologies and their use is governed by the privacy policies of third parties using such technologies. For more information about third party ad networks that use these technologies, see [www.aboutads.info/consumers](https://web.archive.org/web/20111207234551id_/http%3A//msn.foxsports.com/foxsoccer/world/story/www.aboutads.info/consumers).   
Most browsers are initially set to accept cookies, but you can change your settings to notify you when a cookie is being set or updated, or to block cookies altogether. Please consult the "Help" section of your browser for more information (e.g., <http://windows.microsoft.com/en-US/windows-vista/Block-or-allow-cookies>). Users can manage the use of Flash technologies with the Flash management tools available at Adobe’s website, see <http://www.adobe.com/products/flashplayer/security/privacy_policy/faq.html>. Please note that by blocking any or all cookies you may not have access to certain features or personalization available through Fox Services.   
Third Parties. To improve the quality of the Fox Services, we may supplement the information we collect with information that is collected or provided by third parties.   
3\. NOTICE & CHOICE   
Means of Notice and Choice. This Privacy Policy is the primary means by which Fox provides you with notice and choice regarding its collection and use of your personal information. Fox will not use your personal information in a manner different from what is described in this Privacy Policy without your permission.   
Privacy Policy Changes. Fox may modify this Privacy Policy as necessary. If we make material changes to this Privacy Policy that expand our rights to use your personal information, we will notify you to seek your consent either through an email or a prominent posting on the Site.   
Location of Data Storage. The Fox Services are hosted in the United States. If you are a user located outside the United States, you understand and consent to having any personal information you provide transferred to, stored and processed in the United States. United States data protection and other relevant laws and regulations may not be the same as those in your jurisdiction. As a result, please read this Privacy Policy with care.   
Linked Websites. The Fox Services may also be linked to websites operated by Fox affiliates (i.e., that are part of the News Corporation, “Affiliated Companies”) or third parties. Fox is not responsible for the privacy practices of any such third parties, and once you leave the Fox Services via a link, or click an advertisement, you should check the applicable privacy policy of the third-party site. Additionally, although all Affiliated Companies adhere to the News Corporation corporate Privacy Principles, users who visit an Affiliated Company website should still refer to the Affiliated Companies’ separate privacy policy, which may differ in some respects from this Privacy Policy. This Privacy Policy does not apply to those websites that do not display or link to this Privacy Policy or have its own privacy statements.   
Collection of Personal Financial Information by a Third Party. You acknowledge and agree that this Privacy Policy will not apply to any Personal Financial Information that you provide to any independent third party company on the Site and that all payment obligations related to such purchase shall be governed solely by the applicable independent third party company’s privacy policy. You further acknowledge and agree that Fox will have no liability for or control over such independent third party company’s use or protection of your Personal Financial Information. You should check the privacy policy of the independent third party company‘s website to determine how it will handle any Personal Financial Information it collects from you and/or processes. You acknowledge and agree that in the event that such independent third party company experiences a data breach that compromises or otherwise affects your Personal Financial Information, Fox shall in no way be responsible or liable to you for such breach. You should contact the applicable independent third party company regarding any such data breach.   
4\. USE & DISCLOSURE   
Fox’s Use and Disclosure of Information   
We only share your non-public personal information with non-affiliated third parties when we believe the sharing is permitted by you or authorized by this Privacy Policy. In addition, Fox may share your personal information with Affiliated Companies and may share any personal information collected during the Member registration process with MSN.   
We use the information you provide us for the following purposes:   
To provide and manage the Fox Services. We use the information we collect from and about users to provide the Fox Services and features to you, to measure and improve those Fox Services and features.   
To allow third party service providers to assist us in providing and managing the Fox Services. Fox may make your non-public personal information available to certain third-party service providers, such as contractors, agents or sponsors, who help us manage or provide Fox Services by, for example: developing or supporting the Fox Services and features; collecting, transmitting, storing and/or processing Personal Financial Information, fulfilling purchase orders; managing fantasy games, administering message boards, or processing data or statistics. These third-party service providers are required to protect non-public personal information entrusted to them and not use it for any other purpose than the specific service they are providing to you and Fox.   
To contact you. Fox may periodically send promotional materials (e.g., newsletters) or correspondence related to the Fox Services to the email address you provided to us at registration. If you want to stop receiving correspondence from Fox, you can change your Newsletter Preferences settings under “My Profile” or follow the unsubscribe instructions at the bottom of each email. There are certain service notification emails that you may not opt-out of, such as notifications of changes to the Fox Services or policies.   
To protect the rights of Fox and our users. There may be instances when Fox may disclose user information without providing notice or choice, including situations where Fox has a good faith belief that such disclosure is necessary in order to: (i) protect or defend the legal rights or property of Fox, our Affiliated Companies or their employees, agents and contractors (including enforcement of our agreements); (ii) protect the safety and security of users of the Fox Services or members of the public including responding to emergencies where there appears to be a danger of death or injury to any person; (iii) protect against fraud or for risk management purposes; or (iv) comply with applicable laws, rules and regulations (“Applicable Laws”) or legal process.   
 To deliver relevant advertisements. We strive to make the Fox Service interesting, relevant and personalized for our users. The Site and its third-party advertising partners customize the advertising displayed to you based on non-personally identifiable information gathered via cookies or other tracking devices as well as your past activity on the Site. For example, based on your team interests, we might display an advertisement informing about the schedule for such teams games.   
To complete a merger or sale of assets. If Fox sells all or part of its business or makes a sale or transfer of its assets or is otherwise involved in a merger or transfer of all or a material part of its business, Fox may transfer your information to the party or parties involved in the transaction as part of that transaction.   
5\. SECURITY   
Fox uses commercially reasonable administrative, technical, personnel and physical measures to safeguard user information in its possession against loss, theft and unauthorized use, disclosure or modification.   
6\. ACCESS, REMEDIES AND COMPLIANCE   
User Control and Account Cancellation. Through the My Profile option, you can access and edit your Required Registration Information, Member Profile Information and Newsletter and mobile alert Preferences. If you would like to deactivate your Member Profile you may email us, Subject Line: Deactivate Membership Account.   
If you would like to terminate your Premier League Fantasy Game subscription please refer to the Premier League Fantasy Terms of Use for the termination policy and restrictions.. We may retain backup information related to your My Profile account and Premium Subscription on our servers for some time after deactivation for fraud detection or to comply with Applicable Law or our internal security policies.   
7\. CONTACT US   
If you have questions about this Privacy Policy, please contact Fox at:   
Email:   
FoxSoccer.Privacy@fox.com   
Mail:   
FoxSoccer.com Privacy Officer   
c/o Fox Cable Networks Services, LLC   
Business and Legal Affairs   
P.O Box 900   
Beverly Hills, California 90213-0900   
Telephone:   
(310) 369-1350   
 
