> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the foxyutils.com privacy policy that was archived on 2018-12-30. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20181230210507id_/https%3A//foxyutils.com/privacy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy Policy | FoxyUtils

If you require any more information or have any questions about our privacy policy, please feel free to contact us by email at [support@foxyutils.com](mailto:support@foxyutils.com). At FoxyUtils.com, the privacy of our visitors is of extreme importance to us. This Privacy Policy is intended to inform you of FoxyUtils.com’s policies and practices regarding the collection, use and disclosure of any Personal Information you submit to us through our website. FoxyUtils.com (“us” or “we”) respects the privacy of the visitors to its website. FoxyUtils.com may update this policy from time to time. We will notify you about significant changes by placing a prominent notice on this page and other places we deem appropriate so that you are aware of what information we collect, how we use it, and under what circumstances, if any, we disclose it. **1\. Log Files** Like many other Web sites, FoxyUtils.com makes use of log files. The information inside the log files includes internet protocol ( IP ) addresses, type of browser, Internet Service Provider ( ISP ), date/time stamp, referring/exit pages, and number of clicks to analyze trends, administer the site, track user’s movement around the site, and gather demographic information. IP addresses, and other such information are not linked to any information that is personally identifiable. **2\. Data Retention Policy** Account holder information is held by FoxyUtils.com in accordance with our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy. Some information is retained only long enough to provide requested Services. Other information may be retained longer. Uploaded files: All uploaded files are removed after the intended service action has been completed, or within an hour of inactivity. This applies to all FoxyUtils apps, including MergePDF, SplitPDF, UnlockPDF and ProtectPDF. Download Details: We do not store access logs of download pages. (Our third party analytic application may collect IP addresses of users for measuring usage) User Registration Details: Forever. **3\. Security of uploaded files** For maximum file security, all files and communications go through a secure HTTP connection via SSL (https). We take all the measures that we can to make the services as secure as possible. Although we strive to protect your personal information, FoxyUtils cannot ensure or warrant the security of any information you transmit to us, and you do so at your own risk. **4\. File transfer security** We accept all the possible security measures on our servers in order to prevent the loss of data, inaccurate use of information, as well as file damage. Files saved for transferring are available for viewing only to Uploading.com representatives or via the link that is given to the user who uploaded the file. Files saved on our server are deleted automatically after a certain period of time. **5\. Account Information** We may ask for some personal information when you create an account, including, but not limited to, your email address and a password, which is used to protect your account from unauthorized access. We also store the third party hosting account details you choose to enter in your account page. Any information you choose to provide should reflect how much you want others to know about you. You may review, update, correct or delete personal information or your account on your My Account page. In the event that FoxyUtils is sold or merged with a third party entity, we reserve the right to transfer or assign the information we have collected from you as part of any change of control. **6\. Cookies and Web Beacons** FoxyUtils.com does use cookies to store information about visitors preferences, record user-specific information on which pages the user access or visit, customize Web page content based on visitors browser type or other information that the visitor sends via their browser. **7\. DoubleClick DART Cookie** .:: Google, as a third party vendor, uses cookies to serve ads on FoxyUtils.com. .:: Google’s use of the DART cookie enables it to serve ads to users based on their visit to FoxyUtils.com and other sites on the Internet. .:: Users may opt out of the use of the DART cookie by visiting the Google ad and content network privacy policy at the following URL –<http://www.google.com/privacy_ads.html> Some of our advertising partners may use cookies and web beacons on our site. Our advertising partners include Google Adsense and Bidvertiser. These third-party ad servers or ad networks use technology to the advertisements and links that appear on FoxyUtils.com send directly to your browsers. They automatically receive your IP address when this occurs. Other technologies ( such as cookies, JavaScript, or Web Beacons ) may also be used by the third-party ad networks to measure the effectiveness of their advertisements and / or to personalize the advertising content that you see. FoxyUtils.com has no access to or control over these cookies that are used by third-party advertisers. You should consult the respective privacy policies of these third-party ad servers for more detailed information on their practices as well as for instructions about how to opt-out of certain practices. FoxyUtils.com’s privacy policy does not apply to, and we cannot control the activities of, such other advertisers or web sites. If you wish to disable cookies, you may do so through your individual browser options. More detailed information about cookie management with specific web browsers can be found at the browsers’ respective websites. **8\. Personal identification information** We may collect personal identification information from Users in a variety of ways, including, but not limited to, when Users visit our site, register on the site, and in connection with other activities, services, features or resources we make available on our Site. Users may be asked for, as appropriate, name, email address, mailing address, phone number, credit card information. Users may, however, visit our Site anonymously. We will collect personal identification information from Users only if they voluntarily submit such information to us. Users can always refuse to supply personally identification information, except that it may prevent them from engaging in certain Site related activities. **9\. Non-personal identification information** We may collect non-personal identification information about Users whenever they interact with our Site. Non-personal identification information may include the browser name, the type of computer and technical information about Users means of connection to our Site, such as the operating system and the Internet service providers utilized and other similar information. **10\. Web browser cookies** Our Site may use “cookies” to enhance User experience. User’s web browser places cookies on their hard drive for record-keeping purposes and sometimes to track information about them. User may choose to set their web browser to refuse cookies, or to alert you when cookies are being sent. If they do so, note that some parts of the Site may not function properly. **11\. How we use collected information** FoxyUtils may collect and use Users personal information for the following purposes: – To personalize user experience We may use information in the aggregate to understand how our Users as a group use the services and resources provided on our Site. – To improve our Site We may use feedback you provide to improve our products and services. – To send periodic emails We may use the email address to send User information and updates pertaining to their order. It may also be used to respond to their inquiries, questions, and/or other requests. **12\. How we protect your information** We adopt appropriate data collection, storage and processing practices and security measures to protect against unauthorized access, alteration, disclosure or destruction of your personal information, username, password, transaction information and data stored on our Site. Sensitive and private data exchange between the Site and its Users happens over a SSL secured communication channel and is encrypted and protected with digital signatures. **13\. Sharing your personal information** We do not sell, trade, or rent Users personal identification information to others. We may share generic aggregated demographic information not linked to any personal identification information regarding visitors and users with our business partners, trusted affiliates and advertisers for the purposes outlined above. **14\. Advertising** Ads appearing on our site may be delivered to Users by advertising partners, who may set cookies. These cookies allow the ad server to recognize your computer each time they send you an online advertisement to compile non personal identification information about you or others who use your computer. This information allows ad networks to, among other things, deliver targeted advertisements that they believe will be of most interest to you. This privacy policy does not cover the use of cookies by any advertisers. **15\. Google Adsense** Some of the ads may be served by Google. Google’s use of the DART cookie enables it to serve ads to Users based on their visit to our Site and other sites on the Internet. DART uses “non personally identifiable information” and does NOT track personal information about you, such as your name, email address, physical address, etc. You may opt out of the use of the DART cookie by visiting the Google ad and content network privacy policy at<http://www.google.com/privacy_ads.html> **16\. Changes to this privacy policy** FoxyUtils has the discretion to update this privacy policy at any time. When we do, we will post a notification on the main page of our Site, under our Blog, revise the updated date at the bottom of this page and send you an email. We encourage Users to frequently check this page for any changes to stay informed about how we are helping to protect the personal information we collect. You acknowledge and agree that it is your responsibility to review this privacy policy periodically and become aware of modifications. **17\. Your acceptance of these terms** By using this Site, you signify your acceptance of this policy. If you do not agree to this policy, please do not use our Site. Your continued use of the Site following the posting of changes to this policy will be deemed your acceptance of those changes. **18\. Certain exceptional disclosures** We may disclose your information if necessary to protect our legal rights or if the information relates to actual or threatened harmful conduct or potential threats to the physical safety of any person. The disclosure of personal information may be required by court or law enforcement officials. **Contacting us** If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, the practices of this site, or your dealings with this site, please contact us at: FoxyUtils ehf. Klapparstig 16 101 Reykjavik Iceland or via e-mail at: [support@foxyutils.com](mailto:support@foxyutils.com) FoxyUtils [https://foxyutils.com](https://foxyutils.com/)

* * *

This document was last updated on May 17th, 2015. 
