> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the esnipe.com privacy policy that was archived on 2000-12-12. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20001212004100id_/http%3A//www.esnipe.com/privacy.asp) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# esnipe - Privacy Policy

   
**What information do we collect?**  
When you join esnipe, we ask for some information that will identify you to us as a user. This information includes your name, email address, eBay username and eBay password. We require your eBay username and password in order to place bids on your behalf. Without these, esnipe could not place a bid on eBay for you. We also ask you to supply a handful of demographic statistics. This is for aggregate purposes only. It is not stored with your other information, and can not ever be associated with you or your account - even by esnipe. We also collect statistical data about the bids being placed by the esnipe servers. This information is also aggregrate, and is not associated with you or your account. **What do you do with this information?**  
esnipe **never** supplies your personal information to any third party. We will occasionally use your email address to send you information regarding esnipe and the services we provide. The demographic information we collect is supplied to our advertisers in a summarized form, and never contains any member information. Your eBay username and password are stored securely in our database, and can only be changed by yourself once you have logged into the system. This username and password is transmitted to eBay when esnipe places a bid on your behalf. The information we collect about bids is summarized, and we provide basic information to our advertisers on the general product categories our members are interested in. Again - your personal information is never provided to any third party. esnipe works with a third party that serves ads to this site. To find out more about how Engage Media manages the privacy of information in conjunction with serving ads on this site, please go to <http://www.flycast.com/about_us/about-privacy.html>. **Is my information secure?**  
Your personal information is protected by your password. Never share this password with anyone. esnipe will never contact you unsolicited to ask for your password. We have taken steps to ensure our databases are secure, and are confident in our ability to keep your information safe. However, please note that the bid pages on eBay are not encrypted, and therefore when esnipe, or yourself for that matter, places a bid - your username and password is sent over the Internet without encryption. Because of this, esnipe can not guarantee 100% protection of your password when a bid is being placed. **What about cookies?**  
esnipe stores a cookie on your computer to track you while you are on the site. The information in this cookie is a string of characters that is meaningless to everyone and everything except our server. No personal information or bid information is stored in the cookie. The information in the cookie can not be used by another individual to gain access to your account information. **Advertising**  
This site uses the services of Engage for the serving and/or targeting of ads, promotions and other marketing messages. To do this, Engage collects and stores anonymous data typically through the use of cookies. To learn more about Engage, including your ability to opt out of the Engage system, go to <http://www.engage.com/privacy>. **Still have questions?**  
We realize everyone has a different view on privacy. We take your privacy very seriously. If you still have concerns, or are unclear about any aspect of our privacy policy, please [contact us](https://web.archive.org/web/20001212004100id_/http%3A//www.esnipe.com/contact.asp), and we will be happy to discuss the matter with you. 
