> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the softalien.com privacy policy that was archived on 2016-10-29. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20161029141610id_/http%3A//softalien.com/privacy-policy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy Policy - SoftAlien

Your privacy is critically important to us. At softalien we have a few fundamental principles:  
• We don’t ask you for personal information unless we truly need it. (We can’t stand services that ask you for things like your gender or income level for no apparent reason.)  
• We don’t share your personal information with anyone except to comply with the law, develop our products, or protect our rights.  
• We don’t store personal information on our servers unless required for the on-going operation of one of our services.  
• In our blogging products, we aim to make it as simple as possible for you to control what’s visible to the public, seen by search engines, kept private, and permanently deleted.  
Website Visitors

Like most website operators, softalien collects non-personally-identifying information of the sort that web browsers and servers typically make available, such as the browser type, language preference, referring site, and the date and time of each visitor request. softalien’s purpose in collecting non-personally identifying information is to better understand how softalien’s visitors use its website. From time to time, softalien may release non-personally-identifying information in the aggregate, e.g., by publishing a report on trends in the usage of its website.  
softalien also collects potentially personally-identifying information like Internet Protocol (IP) addresses for logged in users and for users leaving comments on WordPress.com blogs. softalien only discloses logged in user and commenter IP addresses under the same circumstances that it uses and discloses personally-identifying information as described below, except that blog commenter IP addresses and email addresses are visible and disclosed to the administrators of the blog where the comment was left.

Aggregated Statistics

softalien may collect statistics about the behavior of visitors to its websites. For instance, softalien may monitor the most popular blogs on the WordPress.com site or use spam screened by the Akismet service to help identify spam. softalienc may display this information publicly or provide it to others. However, softalien does not disclose personally-identifying information other than as described below.

Protection of Certain Personally-Identifying Information  
softalien discloses potentially personally-identifying and personally-identifying information only to those of its employees, contractors and affiliated organizations that (i) need to know that information in order to process it on softalien’s behalf or to provide services available at softalien’s websites, and (ii) that have agreed not to disclose it to others. Some of those employees, contractors and affiliated organizations may be located outside of your home country; by using softalien’s websites, you consent to the transfer of such information to them. softalien will not rent or sell potentially personally-identifying and personally-identifying information to anyone. Other than to its employees, contractors and affiliated organizations, as described above, softalien discloses potentially personally-identifying and personally-identifying information only in response to a subpoena, court order or other governmental request, or when softalien believes in good faith that disclosure is reasonably necessary to protect the property or rights of softalien, third parties or the public at large. If you are a registered user of an softalien website and have supplied your email address, softalien may occasionally send you an email to tell you about new features, solicit your feedback, or just keep you up to date with what’s going on with softalien and our products. We primarily use our various product blogs to communicate this type of information, so we expect to keep this type of email to a minimum. If you send us a request (for example via a support email or via one of our feedback mechanisms), we reserve the right to publish it in order to help us clarify or respond to your request or to help us support other users. Automattic takes all measures reasonably necessary to protect against the unauthorized access, use, alteration or destruction of potentially personally-identifying and personally-identifying information.

Cookies  
A cookie is a string of information that a website stores on a visitor’s computer, and that the visitor’s browser provides to the website each time the visitor returns. softalien uses cookies to help softalien identify and track visitors, their usage of softalien website, and their website access preferences. softalien visitors who do not wish to have cookies placed on their computers should set their browsers to refuse cookies before using softalien’s websites, with the drawback that certain features of softalien’s websites may not function properly without the aid of cookies.

Business Transfers  
If softalien, or substantially all of its assets, were acquired, or in the unlikely event that softalien goes out of business or enters bankruptcy, user information would be one of the assets that is transferred or acquired by a third party. You acknowledge that such transfers may occur, and that any acquirer of softalien may continue to use your personal information as set forth in this policy.

Ads  
Ads appearing on any of our websites may be delivered to users by advertising partners, who may set cookies. These cookies allow the ad server to recognize your computer each time they send you an online advertisement to compile information about you or others who use your computer. This information allows ad networks to, among other things, deliver targeted advertisements that they believe will be of most interest to you. This Privacy Policy covers the use of cookies by softalien and does not cover the use of cookies by any advertisers.

Comments  
Comments and other content submitted to our Akismet anti-spam service are not saved on our servers unless they were marked as false positives, in which case we store them long enough to use them to improve the service to avoid future false positives.
