> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the aramark-uniform.com privacy policy that was archived on 2017-12-12. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20171212123600id_/https%3A//www.aramarkuniform.com/privacy-policy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Your Privacy Rights | Aramark Uniform Services

LAST UPDATED: September 28, 2017

This Privacy Policy covers information that Aramark Uniform Services ("Aramark", "we", "us" or "our") collects when you (i) are on Aramark's websites (the "Websites"), (ii) when you purchase products or services through the Websites and (iii) when we collect information through channels where this Privacy Policy is referenced, such as emails. By visiting the Websites, interacting with or accessing our communications or otherwise submitting information, you consent to the collection, processing, use, transfer and/or storage of your personal information as set forth in this Privacy Policy. You unconditionally agree that using the Websites, interacting with or accessing our communications or otherwise submitting information where this Privacy Policy is referenced signifies your acceptance of this Privacy Policy. IF YOU DO NOT AGREE TO BE BOUND BY THIS PRIVACY POLICY, DO NOT USE THE WEBSITES, COMMUNICATE WITH US OR RESPOND TO REQUESTS FOR INFORMATION WHERE THIS PRIVACY POLICY IS REFERENCED. Please take a moment to review our Privacy Policy in detail. 

This Privacy Policy does not apply to the practices of companies that we do not own or control, or to people that we do not employ or manage. This policy only covers information collected on the Websites or information collected where this policy is specifically referenced, and does not cover any information collected at any other website other than the Websites, or offline by Aramark (unless this privacy policy is referenced). 

What information does Aramark collect?

Personal information

"Personal information" is information that can be used to specifically identify an individual, such as your name, mailing address (including shipping and billing addresses), email address, telephone number (including a mobile device number) or credit/debit card number. Aramark collects personal information you give us when you visit and use the Websites, order our products or services, communicate with us by mail, phone or email, and/or fill out requests for information through our advertisements, surveys or promotions. We also collect personal information from you when you make a purchase on our Websites, including delivery and billing addresses and credit card number. 

Non-personal information

"Non-personal information" is any information that does not reveal your specific identity, such as device and browser information, geographic and other information collected through server logs, cookies, pixel tags and other technologies, demographic information and other information provided by you and aggregated information. We and our service providers may collect non-personal information, such as demographic information (age, gender, etc.), employment and job preferences, taste or other preference information, and the like, when submitted to us, when you visit the Websites and directly or indirectly gathered from our communications with you. We may also keep a list of a visitor's past purchases. We may also obtain non-personal information from third parties; for example, we may obtain geographic or demographic information, or information regarding visitor's possible interests, from third parties, or we may receive non-personal information from a marketing partner in connection with a co-branded website or promotion. All of this information is considered non-personal information because, unless combined with personal information, it does not personally identify you or any other visitor of the Websites. 

Additionally, when you visit the Websites or interact with communications where this policy is specifically referenced, Aramark's or Aramark's service providers' servers and other technologies automatically collect certain types of technical and computer and connection information from you, such as device, geo-location, browser type and operating system, Internet Protocol (IP) address (a unique number that identifies your Internet access), cookie information, the pages viewed and accessed, how long a visitor accessed our Websites in any given session and the date and time of access. Aramark or Aramark's service providers may also collect and record non-personal information regarding the types of products ordered on the Websites and in our marketing communications, the pages visited before coming to our Websites and the pages linked to when visitors leave. 

We may also aggregate personal information in a manner such that the end-product does not personally identify you or any other visitor to the Websites, for example, by using personal information to calculate the percentage of our visitors who have a particular telephone area code. 

What technologies does Aramark use on the Websites and other marketing communications?

Aramark uses a variety of technologies on the Websites and other communications, including cookies and web beacons. Cookies are small data files that are transferred to the computer (or other Internet-accessing device) that you are using when you visit our Websites. Cookies allow us to track statistical information about navigation to and throughout certain areas of our Websites, both during a session and over time. Cookies allow us to improve and enhance the Websites and provide visitors to the Websites with more appropriate content. 

We also employ cookies to allow us to maintain products in shopping carts and to otherwise personalize your online experience. Through cookies, Aramark can customize our Websites and advertisements to your individual preferences in order to create a more personalized, convenient online experience. 

If you do not want cookies, you can set your computer or other device to warn you each time a cookie is being set or turn off all cookies through your browser (e.g., Internet Explorer or Mozilla Firefox). Check your browser HELP menu to learn the way to change or update your cookies. However, it is possible that some parts of the Websites will not operate correctly if you disable cookies and you may not be able to take advantage of some of the features of the Websites by doing so. 

Although cookies are not necessary to view Aramark's Websites or receive advertisements from us, cookies may be required to place an online order with us. Should you wish to not accept cookies in your web browser, you may place an order by calling the phone numbers as listed on the applicable Contact Us pages of the Websites. 

Parts of the Websites and our emails to you may contain electronic images called web beacons, sometimes known as one pixel GIFs, clear GIFs or pixel tags. We may use web beacons or similar technologies for a number of purposes, such as to count visitors to our web pages or to monitor how visitors to our Websites navigate the Websites and to count how many emails (or particular articles, links, etc.) that we sent were actually opened or acted upon. Web beacons allow us to develop statistical information about the activities and features that most interest our consumers for the purpose of providing more personalized content on an aggregated and individual level. 

How is the information used by Aramark?

Personal information

The personal information Aramark collects is used to better serve our customers by making their online visits more relevant and enjoyable. We do so by responding to and fulfilling your requests, modifying areas that need to be improved upon, customizing your online experience and communicating with you for marketing or other purposes (such as providing you with special offers, notifying you of new product launches and following up with you regarding your needs and requests). 

We also use the personal information provided for fulfilling your purchases, including for shipping and billing purposes (and we may share your personal information with third parties for such purposes, for example, to process your credit card). We may use your personal information to contact you if we have questions about your order and to provide you with customer service. 

We may also use your personal information to send you promotional emails. At any time, you may stop receiving such promotional emails if you desire Ã?Â¢Ã?Â?Ã?Â? please see the "How can I opt-out" section below for more information on how to opt-out of receiving such promotional emails. However, you may not opt out of receiving important administrative emails from us, including emails relating to your orders or relating to product recalls or providing guidance from product manufacturers. 

We may require you to create an account to place an order from the Websites. When you register (log in), we may ask for your email address so that we can provide you access to your account in the future. Logging in does NOT obligate you in any way to Aramark. We may combine your personal information with non-personal information, such as your past orders, to provide you with a profile of your ordering history and for marketing and other purposes. We may also combine personal information we collect from you through the Websites with information we collect through other sources (such, as through phone orders offline). The combined information will be treated in accordance with this Privacy Policy for so long as it is so combined. 

Aramark may on occasion seek information on our customer base via electronic or print surveys. Participation is optional. Survey contact information (name, email address, mailing address, etc.) is used to request more information in relation to the survey or as otherwise permitted under this Privacy Policy. 

We may produce and mail offers, coupons and information, including catalogs, to visitors to the Websites. We may also use lists we have received from third parties or public sources to send you this information. If you would prefer not to receive offline mailings from Aramark relating to products found on the Websites, please see the "How can I opt-out" section below for more information on how to opt-out from receiving offline mailings. 

Aramark may conduct sweepstakes, contests and promotions, which ask visitors for personal information, such as contact information (name, email address, mailing address, etc.). Participation is optional. If you choose to enter a sweepstakes, contest or other promotion on a Website or were this Privacy Policy is referenced, we may disclose your personal information to third parties in connection with the administration of such promotion, including in connection with winner selection, prize fulfillment, and as required by law, such as on a winners list. Also, by entering a promotion, you are agreeing to the official rules that govern that promotion, which may contain additional specific requirements of you, including, except where prohibited by law, allowing the sponsor(s) of the promotion to use your name, voice and/or likeness in advertising or marketing associated with the promotion. Personal information collected through sweepstakes, contests and promotions is also used to communicate with you regarding the promotion or as otherwise permitted under this Privacy Policy or under the rules governing the promotion. 

Aramark may offer chat rooms, forums, message or bulletin boards, product rating and review areas, or interactive areas on the Websites where visitors may post comments or information for our visitors' enjoyment. If there are chat rooms, bulletin or message boards, social networking opportunities or other interactive areas where personal information may be posted at the Websites, be sure to check any posted rules before entering, as you will be bound by them as well as any other related terms and conditions. Rules for participation in interactive features may establish age and other restrictions on participation. As you know, anything you post online is available publicly for the world to see. We make no representations and undertake no obligations as to information, including personal information that you voluntarily post. Aramark may publish your name, voice and likeness and other similar personal information in connection with any submissions you may make to the Websites or in response to one of our advertisements or other requests for information. You should be aware that Aramark may (but has no obligation to) publish your product related comments, with or without attribution of those comments to you, on other websites owned by Aramark. 

Aramark may offer an affiliate program for qualified third-party websites. Participation by a third-party affiliate in Aramark's program is optional. Personal information in any application information from the third-party for its website's participation in the affiliate program will be used by Aramark to determine eligibility of such website in any Aramark affiliate program and as otherwise permitted under this Privacy Policy. Account information of approved third-party affiliates will be maintained by Aramark for the purposes of communication between Aramark and the affiliates and for use as otherwise permitted under this Privacy Policy. 

Aramark may receive information about you from other sources; as is customary in many businesses, we may purchase and use email lists to contact potential customers. We may use this information for a variety of purposes, including enhancing our ability to serve you and to tailor content to you or other visitors. We may combine the information we receive from those other sources with information we collect through the Websites and information gathered from other sources where this Privacy Policy is referenced. In those cases, we will apply this Privacy Policy to any personal information received, unless otherwise specifically disclosed by us at the time you provide your personal information. 

Non-personal information

Because non-personal information does not personally identify you, we may use such information for any purpose. In addition, we reserve the right to share such non-personal information, which does not personally identify you, with our affiliates and with other third parties, for any purpose. For example, we regularly aggregate our sales and marketing information based on our customers' orders. We use this information to be certain that we are offering the right products at the right time, and we like to understand what regions of the country order more products from us, what products are the most popular, and generally how our business is doing. We may also use non-personal information, such as technical data and information collected by or shared with third parties for internal business and marketing purposes, and to monitor security of the Websites. 

In some instances, we may combine non-personal information with personal information (such as combining your name with your device information, zip code or postal code). If we do combine any non-personal information with personal information, the combined information will be treated by us as personal information hereunder as long as it is so combined. 

How is personal information shared with third parties?

Aramark may perform or may employ third party service providers to perform certain business and marketing functions on our behalf. These functions may include (a) collecting personal information that you provide to us such as: name, address, phone number, email address and for orders, shipping and billing information (e.g., credit card number and expiration date), and any other personal information you may volunteer, such as in connection with a survey; (b) fulfilling orders, including processing credit card payments and delivering packages; (c) analyzing data and providing marketing assistance; and (d) generating and revising customer lists. We seek to ensure that none of these third parties may use any personal information collected for any purpose other than to carry out their business function on our behalf, except as otherwise provided in this Privacy Policy. 

Personal information may be shared or combined between current or future affiliates, subsidiaries or other related entities of Aramark for internal business and marketing/promotional purposes. Personal information, including mailing lists, may also be shared by Aramark with other third parties for their marketing/promotional purposes. You may opt-out of such sharing of your personal information at any time, please see the "How can I opt-out" section below for more information on how to opt-out of such sharing of your personal information. 

Aramark or any of it assets, including the Websites, may be sold, or other transactions may occur in which your personal information is one of the key business assets for the transaction. In such a case, your personal information may be one of the business assets we transfer. Hence, Aramark reserves the right to disclose and transfer personal information in connection with a corporate merger, consolidation, restructuring, the sale of substantially all of our assets, or other corporate change. 

Aramark will release personal information and other collected information about you if you direct us to do so; if we believe we are required to, or as we believe to be appropriate under applicable law (including laws outside of your country of residence), to respond to subpoenas, court orders, legal process or other valid law enforcement measures; to comply with a legal obligation; at the request of public or governmental authorities (including authorities outside of your country of residence); to verify or enforce compliance with the policies governing the Websites, email and applicable laws; or to protect the legal rights, privacy, interests, safety, property or operations of Aramark, our affiliates, the Websites, visitors to our Websites or others, to enforce our terms and conditions, to permit us to pursue available remedies or limit the damages that we may sustain or in other legally limited circumstances. This includes exchanging information with third parties or organizations in connection with credit risk reduction and fraud protection. Such disclosures may be carried out without notice to you. 

We may have purchasing programs in effect with certain businesses or agencies under which the employees of these businesses or agencies can purchase our products by accessing special sign-on and purchasing features dedicated to such business or agency on the Websites. Certain personal information provided by the employees who take advantage of these special purchasing features may be collected or accessed by these businesses or agencies. 

Are there links on the Websites?

If Aramark provides any links to websites owned by third parties or Aramark affiliates on the Websites, these sites will operate independently from the Websites. We will not be and are not responsible or liable for any content or information collection practices of those pages or for such sites' use of any personal information you provide to them, and we expressly disclaim any liability or responsibility for the policies relating to privacy and information collection and usage on any of such linked websites. Please review the policies of any website you visit. 

How are advertisements served?

We may use service providers to serve ads to you when you are on third-party websites and in emails, based on your activity while you are on our Websites and other information collected from and about you. For example, if you showed interest in a particular brand of uniform, we may serve an advertisement for that brand to you after you leave our Websites. In the course of serving our advertisements, our service providers may place or recognize a unique cookie on your browser or utilize similar technologies to help identify you. If you would like more information about this practice and to know your choices about it, please visit http://networkadvertising.org/optout_nonppii.asp. In addition, at any time, you may stop receiving promotional emails if you desire Ã?Â¢Ã?Â?Ã?Â? please see the "How can I opt-out" section below for more information on how to opt-out of receiving such promotional emails. 

How might this Privacy Policy change in the future?

We reserve the right to change this Privacy Policy. You can determine when this Privacy Policy was last revised by referring to the "LAST UPDATED" legend at the top of this page. Any changes to our Policy will become effective upon our posting of the revised Privacy Policy on the Websites. If you use one of our Websites following our posting of a revised Privacy Policy, your use of the Websites will constitute your acceptance of the revised Privacy Policy then in effect. We encourage you to periodically review this Privacy Policy for changes or updates. 

How can I opt-out?

We give you many choices regarding our use and disclosure of your personal information for marketing purposes. You can always choose not to be included in mailing lists or in e-mail marketing campaigns. On a go forward basis, if you do not wish to be included in online marketing efforts, wish to have your name removed from a mailing list or wish to correct or update personal information we have for you, e-mail us at feedback@aramark-uniform.com with your full name in the subject line and details about your request, including, in the case you want to be removed from our marketing lists, the email address, physical address or fax number that you no longer want to receive advertisements at. If you prefer, you can send us a letter with the same information at the following address: Aramark Uniform & Career Apparel, LLC, 141 Longwater Drive, Norwell, Massachusetts 02061, or call us at (800) 388-3300. We will seek to comply with your request(s) as soon as reasonably practicable. Please note that if you opt-out as described above, we will not be able to remove your Personal Information from the databases of our affiliates or unaffiliated third parties with which we have already shared your Personal Information (i.e., to which we have already provided your Personal Information as of the date that we implement your opt-out request). Please note that if you do opt-out of receiving marketing-related messages from us, we may still send you important administrative messages, and you cannot opt-out from receiving administrative messages. 

How can I access or change my Personal Information?

Aramark offers you the ability to correct your personal information. With respect to general accounts on the www.shoparamark.com website (excluding customer specific "micro" sites), you are able to review and edit your account information from the website at any time. If you have already registered with us on the www.shoparamark.com website for a general account (excluding customer specific "micro" sites), please click on My Account on the website's homepage to view or update your personal information. Otherwise, if you have any questions about this Privacy Policy or wish to update or remove your personal information or restrict how we use your information, please see the "How can I opt-out" section above. While Aramark makes efforts to accommodate requests to restrict our use of your information, we reserve the right to delete customer information if we cannot reasonably accommodate a requested restriction. 

What security measures does Aramark have in place?

Aramark takes commercially reasonable steps to secure the personal information you provide. Aramark maintains reasonable physical, electronic, and administrative safeguards to protect your personal information from unauthorized or inappropriate access, including through the use of Secure Socket Layer (SSL) security software. SSL is the industry standard security protocol, which makes it difficult for anyone else to intercept the personal information in the credit card / transaction and order information that you send us when you submit your online order. Otherwise, the transmission of information to and from us is not encrypted or secure. We seek to restrict access to information about you to those individuals who need to know the information to respond to your inquiry or request. 

Although Aramark has implemented measures designed to secure personal information collected on our Websites, and otherwise collected where this Privacy Policy is referenced, from accidental loss and from unauthorized access, use, alteration or disclosure, we cannot guarantee that unauthorized third parties will never be able to defeat those measures or use your personal information for improper purposes, nor can we guarantee that the transmission of data over the Internet that includes your personal information, or information storage technology, will be 100% secure. If you have reason to believe that your interaction with us is no longer secure (for example, if you feel that the security of any account you might have with us has been compromised), please immediately notify us of the problem by contacting us in accordance with the "How can I contact Aramark?" section below. 

How can I contact Aramark?

If you have any questions regarding this Privacy Policy, please contact us by sending an e-mail to feedback@aramark-uniform.com. You may also contact us by writing to Aramark Uniform Services, 141 Longwater Drive, Norwell, MA 02061 or by calling us at (800) 388-3300. Please note that e-mail communications will not necessarily be secure; accordingly you should not include credit card information or other sensitive information in your e-mail correspondence with us. 

Other important notices.

The Websites are not intended for children under thirteen (13) years of age. Aramark does not target its Websites or any of its services or products to children and does not knowingly collect personal information from children under thirteen (13) years of age; the Websites are entirely aimed at adults. 

Your California Privacy Rights

Under California Civil Code Section 1798.83 (the "Shine The Light" law), customers who are California residents and have a relationship with Aramark primarily for personal, family, or household purposes are entitled to receive, upon request and free of charge, information about the personal information (if any) we disclosed to third parties for their direct marketing purposes in the prior calendar year. This information may be requested once a year. If applicable, this information will include a list of the categories of personal information that was shared and the names and addresses of the third parties that received the information. If you are a California resident and want to make a request for this information, please submit your request in writing to: feedback@aramark-uniform.com or Aramark Uniform & Career Apparel, LLC, 141 Longwater Drive, Norwell, Massachusetts 02061 (please reference the "Shine The Light Law" in your email or letter). 

Notice for California Residents.

Under California Civil Code Section 1789.3, California users are entitled to the following consumer rights notice: If you have a question or complaint regarding the Websites, please send an e-mail to feedback@aramark-uniform.com. You may also contact us by writing to Aramark Uniform Services, 141 Longwater Drive, Norwell, MA 02061 or by calling us at (800) 388-3300. California residents may reach the Complaint Assistance Unit of the Division of Consumer Services of the California Department of Consumer Affairs by mail at 1625 North Market Blvd., Sacramento, CA 95834, or by telephone at (916) 445-1254 or (800) 952-5210. 

Do Not Track Signals

Do Not Track is a standard that is currently under development. As it is not yet finalized, we adhere to the standards set out in this privacy policy and do not respond to Do Not Track (DNT) signals.
