> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the xpressbet.com privacy policy that was archived on 2005-12-12. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20051212135142id_/http%3A//www.xpressbet.com/privacy_policy.aspx) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# XpressBet® - Anytime....from Anywhere®

This Privacy Policy was last updated on October 15, 2003. 

XpressBet ("MEC") respects your individual privacy. This privacy policy (the "Privacy Policy") embodies our commitment to its protection through adherence to fair electronic information practices. This Privacy Policy puts You in control of how your personal information is processed. You have our promise that we will not electronically process your personal information in any way that is incompatible with this Privacy Policy. 

**COLLECTION AND USE OF PERSONAL INFORMATION**

We use information about You for purposes of monitoring and improving our internal operations, as well as to ensure we (i) bill You properly, (ii) administer your Account in accordance with your agreements with us, (iii) properly perform the services You have requested, and (iv) comply with applicable state and federal laws and regulations. We also use the information we collect to monitor and improve our internal operations, as well as to improve the experience of users in our network of web sites. For example, we may correlate Web Site traffic information with data about individual users. This data helps us to determine how much our customers use parts of this Web Site, allowing us to enhance it to fit the needs of as many of our customers as possible. We may also break down overall usage statistics according to customers' domain names, browser types, and MIME types by reading this information from the browser string (information contained in every user's browser). MEC owns and operates this Web Site. MEC does not collect personal information about You except when You provide it to MEC on a voluntary basis. Personal information is collected from You at this Web Site when You complete a survey, request to be notified or request information, products or services. The personal information collected by MEC includes your name, address, e-mail address, profile data and other demographic information (including your zip code, age, gender or income level). Your contact information is used to contact You when necessary. It is also used to identify what future products or services You may require. All information remains within MEC and its affiliates and is not sold to other companies. We use the information we collect to direct important notices and information affecting your Account or services on this Web Site as well as to provide general information that may be of interest to You which may include newsletters, surveys, contest announcements, and information about our service or product offerings or the offerings of our business affiliates. You may opt-out of receiving information from us simply by notifying us by writing to the Director of Operations, 200 Race Track Road, Building 26, Washington, PA 15301 or by e-mailing us at[ customerservice@xpressbet.com](mailto:customerservice@xpressbet.com) or in accordance with the opt-out instructions contained in any information message You receive from us. Note, however, that in order to fulfill our service obligations to You, we must continue sending You notices and other important information affecting your Account or services. MEC reserves the right to provide Your personal information to a company or individual employed by MEC to perform functions on its behalf, to another company or person for the development, enhancement, marketing or provision of MEC’s products or services, to an agent or third party retained by MEC in connection with MEC’S administration or the provision of MEC’s products or services or an agent used by MEC to evaluate Your creditworthiness or to collect Your Account. If MEC provides Your personal information to a third party then that third party will be subject to the highest level of confidentiality with respect to Your personal information. We destroy customer information that is no longer necessary for the purpose for which it is collected unless there is a legitimate request or order to inspect the information still outstanding or the information remains in routine records that are periodically discarded under our document retention policies. The information You have provided us is maintained in our management information system and billing systems, and is updated as new information is added. Accounting and billing records are retained for ten years for tax and accounting purposes or until the relevant income tax years for which the document was created have been closed for income tax purposes and/or all appeals have been exhausted. Records may remain on file even after You have terminated Your Account. Subject to applicable law, we may also keep records to facilitate collection and to evaluate credit worthiness. A "cookie" is a small data file that is sent to your browser from a web server and stored on your computer's hard drive. Cookies do not damage your system or impair its functioning in any way. MEC uses cookies to tailor and enhance your experience at this Web Site, to show You content that You might be interested in, and to display the content according to your preferences. Cookies do not contain any personal identifying information and only contain information such as a user ID that a web site uses to track the pages You have visited. The only personal information a cookie can contain is information You supply yourself. A cookie cannot read data off your hard disk or read cookie files created by other web sites. We use cookies to track users traffic patterns when You make any requests for MEC services. When You make your request, we may use a cookie to store a unique, random user ID. We use this ID to identify You anonymously in our database and to track the pages You visit on this Web Site. You can reset your browser to refuse all cookies or to allow your browser to show You when a cookie is sent. 

**LINKS**

This Web Site contains links to other web sites. You understand and agree that your use of such third party web sites will be governed by the privacy policies of those web sites and not by this Privacy Policy. MEC is not responsible or liable for the privacy practices or the content of such web sites. 

**PUBLIC FORUMS**

Please be aware that any information, (personal or otherwise) that is disclosed online makes that information public information. You should exercise caution when deciding to disclose your personal information online. MEC is not responsible for personally identifiable information posted on such message boards or chat rooms. 

**SECURITY**

MEC will maintain security measures in place in order to attempt to protect against the loss, misuse and alteration of the personal information under our control. All data is kept on secure database servers kept separately from the webservers, which are all behind a firewall with very restrictive access. This Web Site uses 128-bit encryption for all secure links, which adheres to federal and international guidelines for secure server transactions. 

All data entry is done via a secure interface that provides no export facility. Please be advised, however, that the Internet and other various networking communication mediums are not secure, unless explicitly specified as such, and may be subject to interception or loss which is beyond the control of MEC. Also be advised that the security, integrity and privacy of any and all information and data exchanged between You and MEC through this Web Site cannot be guaranteed. 

MEC will not monitor, edit or deliberately disclose the contents of your private communications or files, however, in circumstances where we inadvertently obtain information that appears to pertain to the commission of a crime or where we reasonably believe that an emergency involving immediate danger of death or serious physical injury to any person exists, MEC may voluntarily disclose the record or the contents of your communications or other information about you to law enforcement agencies and governmental entities without providing you advance notice. Upon receipt of an applicable search warrant or administrative, grand jury or trail subpoena, MEC may be required to disclose to the government or law enforcement agencies, without advance notice to you, the content of your communications and other records relating to your electronic communications, as well as the following records: your name and address; records of your online communications (including session times and duration); how long you have subscribed to our service(s) (including start date) and the type(s) of service(s) utilized; your telephone number or other subscriber account identifying number(s), including any Internet or network address(es) assigned to you by our network; and means and source of your payment(s) (including any credit card or bank account number). 

**CHILDREN'S GUIDELINES**

This Web Site is not intended for children. MEC will not knowingly collect information from children. 

**CHANGES TO POLICY**

MEC shall periodically review the appropriateness of this Privacy Policy and shall make, at its sole discretion, such changes or modifications as may be necessary. 

**OPT-OUT/ACCESS TO INFORMATION**

This Web Site provides Users the opportunity to opt-out of receiving communications from us at the point where we request registration information about the visitor. 

If You desire access to your own personal information, such as your address and contact information, to correct existing personal information, or to remove your personal information, please contact us by writing to the Director of Operation, 200 Race Track Road, Building 26, Washington, PA 15301 or by e-mailing us at[ customerservice@xpressbet.com](mailto:customerservice@xpressbet.com). You may change this information at any time and as often as necessary. If You request removal or deletion of your personal information, You acknowledge that residual information may continue to reside in MEC's records and back-ups. 

**CONTACTING THE WEB SITE**

General and specific inquiries regarding Privacy Policy should be directed to: 

Director of Operations   
200 Racetrack Road, Building 26  
Washington, PA 15301  
[customerservice@xpressbet.com](mailto:customerservice@xpressbet.com)
