> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the bo.lt privacy policy that was archived on 2011-12-06. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20111206145542id_/http%3A//bo.lt/privacy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Boltnet, Inc. - BO.LT Privacy Policy

_Updated 10/18/2011 - Formatting changes only_

Boltnet has adopted a privacy policy to clarify our collection and use of personally identifiable information about our account holders and the viewers of content served from the BO.LT network. In general, we collect information from our users for these purposes:

  * To enable the creation and trafficking of relevant, high-speed pages
  * To protect access to and ownership rights over your content
  * To protect the content rights of others against infringement
  * To stimulate the sharing of information and insights among all users of the network to create a vibrant community



We also collect information on the viewers of pages on the BO.LT network in order to enable our users to provide more targeted, satisfying online experiences.

## BO.LT is a Page Sharing Service.

Boltnet, Inc expressly excludes from this privacy policy the content of pages that are served on the BO.LT network from the bo.lt and the www.bo.lt domains. Boltnet cannot be responsible for the policy practices of the individuals or entities serving content on the BO.LT network. We strongly suggest that you acquaint yourself with the privacy policies of those individuals as their collection and use of your personally identifiable information is solely governed by their applicable privacy policies.

## Cookies

A cookie is a string of information that a website stores on a visitor’s computer, and that the visitor’s browser provides to the website each time the visitor returns. The use of cookies is critical for providing the optimal experience for a given viewer. Boltnet uses cookies for tracking and targeting. We do not store personally identifiable information in cookies. BO.LT page viewers who do not wish to have cookies placed on their computers should set their browsers to refuse cookies before viewing pages served on the BO.LT network, with the drawback that certain features of these pages may not function properly without the aid of cookies.In the creation of pages on the BO.LT network, account holders may choose to use cookie or profile information from third-party sources. In addition, Ads appearing on pages served from the BO.LT network may be delivered to users by advertising partners, who may set cookies. The privacy restrictions on such information will be guided by the privacy policies of the third party or ad serving company.

## Use of Account Information

We will use account information such as email in order to issue alerts, invitations, and to provide information to improve the quality and speed of your pages. We reserve the right to aggregate information to provide insight and analysis that will benefit the community. In the case of violations of copyright by account holders, we may use account information to alert the account holder.

## Data Collection and Aggregated Statistics

The objective of the BO.LT network is to provide faster, more targeted content to end viewers. In order to do so we collect and aggregate data about page performance to the benefit of our account holders. We may choose from time to time to publish aggregated information for the purpose of generating and sharing insights that are useful to our users and account holders.Additionally, in the ordinary course of serving webpages, our service and Site, the Site may track your IP address, browser type and the pages that you visit on our Site and which webpages served by the BO.LT network. we may analyze this data for trends and statistics in the aggregate, but such information will be maintained, used and disclosed in aggregate form only and it will not contain personally identifiable information. We may use such aggregate information to analyze trends, administer the Site, track users' movement, and gather broad demographic information for aggregate use.

## Anonymous BO.LTs

Pages created by users without accounts or users who have not logged in will be served with random path names under the bo.lt domain. Boltnet reserves the right to use data collected about page size, performance, and any other available information about BO.LT pages that are served from the www.bo.lt and bo.lt domains.

## Comments and User Generated Content

Boltnet may provide features that enable users, viewers, and account holders the ability to submit comments, reviews, ratings, or other content for display on the web site. Such information could be visible to anyone on the Internet.

## Disclosure

We may provide your personally identifiable information and the data generated by cookies and the aggregate information to the vendors and service agencies that we may engage to assist us. For example, we may provide your personally identifiable information to an entity to send invitations to you on our behalf.

We will disclose your personally identifiable information if we reasonably believe we are required to do so by law, regulation or other government authority. We will not sell your personally identifiable information to any company or organization except we may transfer your personally identifiable information to a successor entity upon a merger, consolidation or other corporate reorganization in which Boltnet participates or to a purchaser of all or substantially all of Boltnet's assets to which this Site relates.

## How can I correct and/or update my data?

If you are an accountholder, you may update and/or correct your account information at any time by submitting a request by email to Boltnet at the following email address: support at boltnet.com.

## Security

Boltnet may employ procedural and technological security measures that are reasonably designed to help protect your personally identifiable information from loss, unauthorized access, disclosure, alteration or destruction.

## Children's Privacy

Boltnet recognizes the privacy interests of children and we encourage parents and guardians to take an active role in their children's online activities and interests. This Site is not intended for children under the age of 13. Boltnet does not target this Site to children under 13. Boltnet does not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from children under the age of 13.

## Users Outside of the United States

Our computer systems and some of the computer systems of our third party service providers are currently based in the United States, so your personal data will be processed by us in the United States where data protection and privacy regulations may not offer the same level of protection as in other parts of the world, such as the European Union. As a visitor from outside the United States, by using the Site you agree to this Privacy Policy and you consent to the transfer of all such information to the United States, which may not offer an equivalent level of protection of that required in the European Union or certain other countries, and to the processing of that information as described in this Privacy Policy.

## Privacy Policy Changes

Although most changes are likely to be minor, Boltnet, Inc. may change its Privacy Policy from time to time, and at Boltnet, Inc. sole discretion. Boltnet, Inc. encourages visitors to frequently check this page for any changes to its Privacy Policy. Your continued use of the Boltnet, Inc. site(s) or the BO.LT network after any change in this Privacy Policy will constitute your acceptance of such change.

This privacy policy was first effective on July 15, 2010

To view our infringement policy, [click here](http://boltnet.com/infringement)

To submit a claim of infringement, [click here](http://bo.lt/app/public/dmca-notice)
