> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the acceptpay.com privacy policy that was archived on 2001-12-04. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20011204213955id_/http%3A//www.lowestbids.com/bh/privacystmt.asp) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# LowestBids.com

  
The privacy of all LowestBids.com registered users is of the highest importance to us. LowestBids.com has adopted this privacy statement in order to define how we protect the privacy of our users, and how we collect and disclose information regarding our users and the LowestBids.com website. Some of your personally identifiable information is used by us and by third parties, and/or we may disclose this information. You explicitly consent to such use and disclosure of your personally identifiable information by acceptance of our User Agreement, or use of this website. It is strictly prohibited for minors (persons under the age of 18) to utilize or use this site in any way, and we ask that minors refrain from submitting personal information to LowestBids.com. Minors may only use our services through the lawful representation of a parent or guardian.

While you are using the LowestBids.com website, information about you is collected, which may include your IP address, what web browser you are using, the URL you visited just prior to and just after visiting LowestBids.com (both on our site and off). LowestBids.com uses this information to diagnose potential problems with our website or server, and to administrate our website.

In the LowestBids.com online registration form for sellers, we require users to provide basic contact information (e.g. name, User ID, Password, email address), as well as billing information (e.g. credit card number, expiration date, and billing address). If you do not choose a User ID during registration, your email address will automatically be used as your User ID. This "account" information is used to contact the user, track user transactions on the site (i.e. bidding, selling, buying, board messages, feedback about you and left by you, email, correspondence, use of services provided by third parties through our site), as well as to bill the customer for services purchased through the LowestBids.com website. Buyers are not required to enter credit card information in the Buyer's Registration form. User information is also used to contact users with regard to website news, notices, communications, etc., as well as maintaining a file for each user with a history of transactions on the site, disputes, problems, etc. You may choose to decline the receipt of emailed notices and updates by clicking here. 

Another method that LowestBids.com uses to collect information about our users is through the placement of "cookies" on various portions of our site, which helps us provide services to target your specific interests. In addition, cookies provide users with benefits such as reducing the frequency that users have to re-enter a password. Cookies are stored on the hard drive of your computer for your use - they are not stored on our website.

LowestBids.com does not sell, rent or provide lists with any personally identifiable information about our users to any third party without user approval. LowestBids.com does collect personally identifiable information about its users and disclose such information in aggregate to advertisers and for other marketing and promotional purposes, however, no personally identifying information is disclosed about you in these situations. Highly sensitive information about users is kept strictly confidential and is not disclosed in aggregate.

LowestBids.com cannot ensure that all private communications that take place on our website and other personally identifiable information will never be disclosed in ways not otherwise described in this Privacy Statement. By way of example (without limiting the foregoing), we may be forced to disclose information to third parties under certain circumstances, or third parties may unlawfully intercept or access transmissions or private communications. Further, we can disclose any information, about you to law enforcement or other government officials as we, in our sole discretion, believe necessary or appropriate. Therefore, although we use industry standard practices to protect your privacy, we do not promise, and you should not expect, that your personally identifiable information or private communications will remain private. Our website is focused on protecting our database from unauthorized access using firewalls and other industry standard techniques.

Always keep your LowestBids.com User ID and Password secret. They are your only identification for bidding, selling and purchasing purposes. If you receive information about a bid you did not place, or questionable communications regarding your account, please email LowestBids.com at [info@lowestbidscorp.com](mailto:info@lowestbidscorp.com) immediately. It is possible for someone to steal a User ID and Password if any area on your Buyer Account Information or Seller Account Information pages is bookmarked, or a bid submission page is bookmarked. This could present a breach in your personal account with LowestBids.com if your browser is available to other people at work, home, or other public place. It is recommended that users refrain from bookmarking these pages, clear the cache and quit the browser completely when finished browsing LowestBids.com. 

Although no guarantees can be made, LowestBids.com operates using cryptographic techniques to ensure that digital IDs are not forged or tampered with. Under no circumstances should users disclose their password or personal information of another user to someone else without prior consent of the other user. Spamming is strictly prohibited, without limiting the foregoing, users may not add another user's mailing or email address to your mail list, without their exclusive consent following adequate disclosure.

If you have any further questions, please feel free to contact us. You may also choose to read our User Agreement, or our Terms and Conditions.
