> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the accessmedicine.com privacy policy that was archived on 2011-06-08. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20110608142301id_/http%3A//www.accessmedicine.com/public/privacy.aspx) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# AccessMedicine

Privacy Notice

When you subscribe to AccessMedicine services (including individual products such as _Harrison's Online, Hurst's the Heart, and the LANGE Educational Library_ ) or register for a trial subscription, we collect certain personal information, such as your name, address, and e-mail address. We use this information to process your order and for administration of your subscription. Your e-mail address is added to our electronic mailing list so that, from time to time, we can send you information about new features, additions, and changes to our Web site. If you do not want to receive e-mail alerts, you may indicate this on your registration form; if you do not want to receive e-mail alerts, you may indicate this on your registration form, and you can change this at any time by going to the Edit My Profile section of your “My AccessMedicine” page. Also, AccessMedicine may occasionally make subscriber information available to other units within The McGraw-Hill Companies as well as to selected outside companies whose products or services we feel may be of interest to you. Your information is stored in a secure database in the U.S. and access is limited to authorized persons. 

AccessMedicine makes use of a type of cookie called a "session" cookie. Cookies are small bits of data that we send to your computer. We use them to improve your user experience. We use them to keep track of the fact that you have signed in so that you don't have to continually enter your user name and password as you move around the site. This type of cookie is removed as soon as you log out or close your browser. 

In order to change these cookie preferences, you must change your browser's preferences to disable cookies or delete cookies. Please note that disabling cookies for some services may affect the ability to use that service. Security information is specific to each browser and operating system. **Please check with your browser's specific company for more information.** Some examples of how to change your browser's preferences are as follows: In Internet Explorer (versions 6 and up), this option is listed under Tools > Internet Options > Privacy. The setting has to be set to **Block All Cookies** ; In Firefox, this option is listed under Tools -> Options -> Privacy. 

An IP address is a number that's automatically assigned to your computer whenever you're surfing the Web. Web servers—the computers that present Web pages—automatically identify your computer by its IP address. We collect IP addresses for the purposes of system administration, to report aggregate information to our institutional customers, and to audit the use of our site. As is typical, when visitors request pages from AccessMedicine, our servers log the visitors' IP addresses, Referrer site and User-Agent information. We do not normally link IP addresses to anything personally identifiable, which means that a user's session will be logged, but the user remains anonymous to us. We use such information to identify a user when we feel it is necessary to enforce compliance with our house rules or terms of service or to protect our service, site, customers, or others. 

Please be assured that we take your concerns about privacy quite seriously, and we intend to take every reasonable effort to protect it. To that end, The McGraw-Hill Companies has developed a comprehensive customer privacy policy. If you'd like more information about our use of customer data, please review [The McGraw-Hill Companies Customer Privacy Policy](http://www.mcgraw-hill.com/privacy.html). 

If you have questions or comments about our customer privacy policy or you would like to confirm the accuracy of the information collected from you, please write: Privacy Officer, McGraw-Hill Professional, 2 Penn Plaza, 12th Floor, New York, NY 10121-2298. View our Corporate Privacy Policy at [www.mcgraw-hill.com/privacy.html](http://www.mcgraw-hill.com/privacy.html). To learn more about how McGraw-Hill Professional applies this Policy, you can contact [privacy@mhedu.com](mailto:privacy@mhedu.com). If you are an individual trial user or an individual subscriber, you may also review and request changes to the information online at any time by going to the Subscriber Services section. 

If you prefer not to receive promotional materials from companies outside The McGraw-Hill Companies, please submit the [Opt Out form](https://web.archive.org/public/opt_out.aspx). 

Thanks. 
