> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the accessline.com privacy policy that was archived on 2013-07-24. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20130724062725id_/http%3A//www.accessline.com/index_acc.asp%3Fnav%3Dlegal%26subnav%3Dprivacy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# AccessLine Voice Services

Your privacy is very important to us. AccessLine maintains strict customer information privacy policies and uses state of the art technologies to safeguard customer information and communications from unauthorized intrusions. AccessLine has put in place the following Privacy Policy to protect customer identifiable information. Except as specifically modified in a Customer Agreement, this policy covers AccessLine and its corporate affiliates, and applies to all "customer identifiable" information that AccessLine obtains when a customer registers for or uses an AccessLine online service, including visiting an AccessLine owned and controlled web site ("AccessLine Web Site"). AccessLine will continue to protect customer information derived from its local and long distance services consistent with federal laws and with federal regulations issued by the Federal Communications Commission. 

Online privacy concerns focus on the protection of "customer identifiable" information which a customer reasonably expects to be kept private. "Customer identifiable" information is information which can be associated with a specific individual or entity, including, for example, a customer's name, address, telephone number, e-mail address, and information about online activities that are directly linked to them. 

As is common practice, we collect customer identifiable information, such as name, address, telephone number, and a variety of other information in the course of billing and providing telephone services to a customer. As an Internet based service, we also collect information about you and your on-line preferences. 

In the course of using our Web site and Internet services, we also automatically track certain information about you. This information may include the URL that you just came from (whether this URL is on our site or not), which URL you next go to (whether this URL is on our site or not), what browser you are using, and your IP address. We use this information in the normal operation of the site and we may disclose this information on an aggregated basis. 

Except as provided in this Policy, AccessLine will not sell, trade, rent or disclose to third parties any customer identifiable information derived from the registration for or use of an AccessLine online service \-- including customer names and addresses -- without the consent of the customer (except (i) as required by subpoena, search warrant, or other legal process or in the case of imminent physical harm to the customer or others, or (ii) in the case of our resellers or dealers, where you have already provided such customer identifiable information to such reseller or dealer). When AccessLine uses other agents, contractors or companies to perform services on its behalf, AccessLine will ensure that such agents, contractors or companies protect your customer identifiable information consistent with this Policy. 

AccessLine will collect and use customer identifiable information for billing purposes, to anticipate and resolve problems with your service, or to create and inform you of products and services that better meet your needs. This means that AccessLine may use your customer identifiable information, in conjunction with information available from other sources, to market new AccessLine services to you that we think will be of interest to you, to inform you of enhancements or changes to your existing service, and for other reasons, but we will not disclose your customer identifiable information to third parties who want to market products to you. AccessLine may contact you from time to time by means of automatic dialing equipment, your AccessLine voicemail box, e-mail or by other available means. 

Customer-identifiable information which a visitor volunteers at one of the AccessLine Web Sites to order AccessLine services other than online services will be protected just as if the information had been provided under more traditional ways of ordering that service. 

We have contracted with OPM Performance Marketing (OPM), a division of Overture Services, Inc (Overture), to monitor certain pages of our web site for the purpose of reporting web traffic, statistics, advertisement "click-throughs" and /or other activities on our site. Where authorized by us, OPM may use cookies, web beacons and/or other monitoring technologies to compile ANONYMOUS statistics on our web site visitors. NO PERSONALLY IDENTIFIABLE DATA IS COLLECTED BY OR TRANSFERRED TO OPM OR OVERTURE. 

AccessLine has implemented technology and security features and strict policy guidelines to safeguard the privacy of your customer identifiable information from unauthorized access or improper use, and we will continue to enhance our security procedures as new technology becomes available. 

AccessLine will not read or disclose to third parties private e-mail communications that are transmitted using AccessLine services except as required to operate the service or as otherwise authorized by law. 

AccessLine may also use customer identifiable information to investigate and help prevent potentially unlawful activity or activity that threatens the network or otherwise violates the customer agreement for that service. 

It is our intention to use legally available means to prevent distribution and receipt of unsolicited commercial faxes, e-mail, and voice mail ("junk I-mail") through the service, and we specifically restrict customers from taking any actions which impose an unreasonable or disproportionately large load on AccessLine resources. We would like to ask that any customer that is annoyed by receipt of such junk I-mail, please report such activity to AccessLine via our AccessLine support form so that we can attempt to prevent further junk I-mail from the same source. 

Our policy only addresses the use and disclosure of information we collect from you. To the extent that you disclose your information to other parties, different rules may apply to their use or disclosure of the personal information you disclose to them. In the case of dealers and resellers of AccessLine services or AccessLine co-branded services, we exercise commercially reasonable efforts to cause such persons to honor the provisions of this Privacy Policy, but we cannot be held responsible if they fail to do so. Since we do not control the privacy policies of third parties, we encourage you to ask questions before you disclose your personal information to others. 

Like most Web sites, AccessLine makes use of browser "cookies." Cookies are files written to a user's hard disk and read by server programs to inform a Web site if the user has previously visited that site. We use cookies to continually enhance your AccessLine experience, and may use them in the future to store customer preferences and choices. Our Subscriber Login and Subscriber Services pages may use cookies to store and retrieve session identifiers that correspond to a secure database containing each customer's user name and password information. This facilitates access by customers to AccessLine customer services. 

We may make changes to this policy from time to time. You can review the most current version of our Privacy Policy at any time at www.accessline.com, so be sure to check back periodically. We may also decide to notify our customers by e-mail of significant changes. 

If you have any comments or concerns about our Privacy Policy you may contact us at webmaster@accessline.com. 
