> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the acculynx.com privacy policy that was archived on 2013-04-20. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20130420062623id_/http%3A//www.acculynx.com/legal/privacy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy Policy | AccuLynx.com

### Purpose:

AccuLynx.com, the Provider, has established this Privacy Statement to demonstrate our commitment to your privacy and to advise you of our standard policies regarding company data and business. ALL VISITORS, USERS AND CUSTOMERS OF THIS WEBSITE AGREE TO COMPLY WITH THE TERMS AND POLICIES STATED HEREIN. ALSO, ALL VISITORS, USERS AND CUSTOMERS ACKNOWLEDGE THAT THEY UNDERSTAND THE POLICIES STATED HEREIN AND CONSENT TO SUCH POLICIES. FURTHER, ALL VISITORS, USERS AND CUSTOMERS WARRANT THAT ANY DATA RETRIEVED THROUGH THIS SITE WILL NOT BE USED FOR MARKETING PURPOSES WITHOUT THE EXPRESS CONSENT OF THE PROVIDER. We have created this statement particularly because we gather some information from our visitors, users and customers and we want to explain our use and dissemination practices. We further intend to explain the responsibilities of all customers, users and visitors of this website. The privacy of our visitors, users and customers is of the utmost importance to us. Although, we reserve the right to change this statement at any time, we will always provide notification of any change to this statement. Please be advised that we post this statement to aid in your understanding of our business. _By interacting with our Site, all visitors, users and customers consent to the terms of this agreement._

### Collected Information:

The Provider may collect certain information from visitors and users (collectively herein “Users”) and customers of this website (hereon Site). All customers who register to use our collective services (herein Service) offered on our Site are required to provide contact information, such as their name, company name, address, phone number, and e-mail address, and financial qualification and billing information, such as billing name and address, credit card number, and the number of Users within the organization that will be using the Service. Additional personal information may be asked for upon the customer’s notice of interest or commencement of Service. Customers can opt out of providing this additional information by not entering it when asked.

The Provider may also collect information from Users and customers of the Site such as internet addresses. This information is logged to help diagnose technical problems, and to administer our Site in order to constantly improve the quality of the Service. With the intent of benefiting all that enter our Site, we may also track and analyze non-identifying and aggregate usage and volume statistical information from our visitors and customers and provide such information to preferred parties.

The Provider uses the collected information to set up Service for individuals, organizations and businesses. We may also use the information to contact customers and discuss the quality of the Service that we provide. The Provider may use the collected information to contact customers to discuss a customer's additional interest in the company. The Provider may send information regarding our company or our partners, such as promotions and events to customers. Customers may elect to receive an email newsletter by providing an email address. Customers can opt out of being contacted by us, or receiving such information from us, at any time by sending an email to support@accuLynx.com. Customers can opt out of receiving any communication from Provider by emailing a request to support@accuLynx.com at the time the first email is distributed, or at the time any customer registers for the Service.

### Cookies:

We strive to make your experience using our Site constructive and easy. When you first visit our Site, our master server may send a “cookie” to your computer. Cookies are files that are placed on a computer's hard drive and are then used to tell us whether customers and visitors have visited the Site before.

Cookies do not identify you personally. Unless you elect to identify yourself to the Provider, you will remain anonymous to the Provider. “Cookies” may disappear once an individual closes his/her browser or remain on a hard-drive after the computer has been shut off – depending on the file. Users who disallow their browser to accept cookies will be able to browse our Site but may not be able to successfully use our Service.

### Third-Party Sites:

The Site may contain links to other websites for which the Provider is not responsible and has no control. Customers and visitors are advised to read the privacy statements of all websites they visit. It is the responsibility of the User or customer to keep personal information private and confidential.

### Security Policy & User Responsibilities:

All data and information on this Site and delivered through this Site is the sole property of the Provider. UNDER NO CONDITION DOES ANY USER OR CUSTOMER GAIN TITLE TO THE DATA AND INFORMATION PROVIDED THROUGH THIS SITE. NO CUSTOMER OR USER MAY TRANSFER, DISTRIBUTE, SUBLICENSE, SELL, DISSEMINATE OR MAKE AVAILABLE ANY OF THE DATA OR INFORMATION FROM THIS SITE WITHOUT THE EXPRESS CONSENT OF THE PROVIDER.

Users and customers acknowledge that they may be monitored by the Provider when using this Site so that the Provider may protect company assets and information. The Provider may employ outside, third parties to assist in this process. Should the Provider become aware of misuse of the company’s Data or Service, the Provider may report the misuser to the proper government authorities and the Provider may exercise any and all of its rights. For the purposes of this Privacy Statement, “misuse” includes but is not limited to: 1) failing to comply with all laws and government regulations concerning the use and application of the Data and Service; 2) failing to comply with any terms or conditions stated in the agreement with Provider; or 3) using the Service in an unreasonable, inappropriate, offensive or unethical manner. By accessing the Site, all Users and customers consent to being monitored by the Provider while using the Site.

Users and customers of the Site acknowledge and accept civil and/or criminal liability for any actions that violate the security of the Site and the intellectual property of the Provider, including but not limited to: (1) accessing data or Services not intended for such user or logging onto a server or account which user is not authorized to access; (2) attempting to probe, scan or test the vulnerability of the Provider’s system or network or to breach the Provider’s security measures; (3) attempting to interfere in any way with the Service of host, network or any other User or customer. For the purposes of this Privacy Statement, all Users and customers acknowledge that “interference” includes, but is not limited to: mail bombing, spamming, flooding, overloading or crashing the Site or submitting any programs or viruses to the Site. “Interference” also includes using any program to browse or interact with the Site that consequently disrupts the Site or Service. The Provider retains any cause-of-action that may arise due to the conduct of any User or customer toward the Site or Service and the Provider may pursue any and all legal actions and available remedies.

### No Warranty:

All information, data and additional Service provided through this Site is provided “as-is.” The Provider is not responsible for the accuracy, completeness, reliability, or usefulness of any information, material or other Service accessed through this site. The User of this Site assumes all responsibility and risk that may arise from using this Site and Service. The Provider does not make any warranties about this Site or Service.

### How To Opt-Out, Correct Personal Information, Or Request Additional Information:

We want our customers and Users to choose how their information may be used. If, at any time after registering for information or ordering the Service, you change your mind about receiving information from us, send us a request specifying your new choice. Simply send your request to support@accuLynx.com. Those customers and Users that wish to update their personal information may do so by contacting support@accuLynx.com. By keeping your information current, we will be able to extend future offers and services and we will be able to facilitate offers from preferred parties. Questions regarding this Statement or the practices of this Site should be directed to support@accuLynx.com or by regular mail addressed to AccuLynx.com, Attn: Product Support, 330 E. Main St. Suite. 400, Rockton, Illinois 61072.
