> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the accuweather.com privacy policy that was archived on 2018-05-08. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20180508015236id_/https%3A//www.accuweather.com/en/privacy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# AccuWeather.com - Privacy Statement & Policy

AccuWeather wants to assure that Users of the AccuWeather Sites are provided with appropriate information and choice mechanisms about AccuWeather’s relevant policies and practices so that these Users may make informed decisions on whether or not to use the AccuWeather Sites. 

This Privacy Statement is a statement of Your privacy rights, and should be read by You carefully before using the AccuWeather Sites. Your use of the AccuWeather Sites is Your acknowledgement of, and specific consent to, the terms and conditions of this Privacy Statement and all of the practices described in this Privacy Statement.

AccuWeather is committed to safeguarding Your privacy online. As AccuWeather expands its offerings and as technology evolves, We may, from time to time, update Our privacy practices to address such changes, and We may do so with or without notice to Users. Please check this page on a regular basis for updates to this Privacy Statement if these issues are of concern to You. 

Please note that this Privacy Statement shall apply to You regardless of whether You access the AccuWeather Sites directly, whether the AccuWeather Sites are made available to You by a third party, or whether You access the AccuWeather Sites by other means. This Privacy Statement shall take precedence over any conflicting terms published by a third party that You may have accepted (or in the future be required to accept) in connection with Your access or use of the AccuWeather Sites.

THE ACCUWEATHER SITES, AND THE PRODUCTS, SERVICES AND ADVERTISING MADE AVAILABLE THROUGH THE ACCUWEATHER SITES, ARE NOT INTENDED FOR USE BY CHILDREN WITHOUT PARENTAL SUPERVISION. 

Definitions:

“AccuWeather,” “We,” “Our,” and “Us” refers to AccuWeather, Inc. and any and all entities that are controlled by or under common control with AccuWeather, Inc. 

“AccuWeather Sites,” are comprised of and defined to include, but are not necessarily limited to, all AccuWeather wired and mobile websites, digital products, services, websites, applications, data, content, advertising, and other elements. Such other elements may include sign up screens, contests, data input and tracking, and other interfaces currently or in the future of use in the digital industry.

“Online Behavioral Advertising,” also referred to as “OBA,” which is also sometimes called “interest-based advertising,” uses information collected across multiple web sites that You visit in order to predict Your preferences and to show You advertisings that are most likely to be of interest to You.

“Privacy Statement,” refers to this statement and is specifically limited to the actual statements and wording contained herein and does not include things that may be inferred herefrom. If there is a lack of clarity or coverage, interpretation or use, We have the right, in Our sole discretion, to interpret the nature of the rights hereunder. 

“Personally Identifiable Information,” (often referred to herein by the letters “PII”) means any information by which a person could be specifically identified, including but not limited to name, address, email address, and information about the approximate or precise location of a person and/or his or her device. PII also includes any related information, whether supplied specifically by the User, supplied by the User’s device, or inferable from the use of the device or other applications, that might lead to knowledge about the User. Your username and any password supplied by You is also PII. In addition to the PII obtained at registration and during use, You may be asked for information at other times, such as when You make a purchase or register for a service on or through the AccuWeather Sites, when You submit a listing for a web site, or when You report a problem with the AccuWeather Sites. Your PII also may be provided indirectly to AccuWeather during your use of a device by the manufacturer of the device or your internet service provider subject to their own terms of service. Please also be aware that whenever You voluntarily disclose PII online - for example on message boards, through email, or in chat areas –that information can be collected and used by others. 

“Providers,” refers to non-AccuWeather entities such as, but not limited to, service providers, advertisers, vendors, data collection services and other third parties. These Providers may also collect information about You.

“Special Programs,” refers to certain promotions, surveys, sweepstakes, contests or similar activities on the AccuWeather Sites.

“User,” “You,” “Your,” and “Visitor,” whether in the singular or plural refers to anyone who views, downloads or interacts with any of the AccuWeather Sites.

 **What We Collect About You.** We collect information, including PII, on the AccuWeather Sites during the registration process and through Your use of the AccuWeather Sites that We believe will allow us to better and more efficiently serve You. Our personalization, interactive communications, online commerce, targeted or contextual advertising, data access or accumulation, location tracking and services, receipt of device transmitted information, and other types of activities and services, allow us to deliver better service and content We believe is relevant to Our user base and You. 

Some uses AccuWeather makes of this information are processing and verifying subscriptions, billing, delivering targeted or contextual advertising, and providing You with up-to-date information on AccuWeather products, services, advertising and those things described in the definition of the AccuWeather Sites above. The information we collect may be utilized by AccuWeather to, among other things, host, or use in conjunction with, the operation of the AccuWeather Sites and the products, services, and advertising related to them.   
You may be asked to provide information that personally identifies You or allows AccuWeather and/or its Providers to identify or contact You. Such information may be requested when You are asked to register for fee-based services, although some free products and services may also request or require registration. For example, We may request personal information from You when You create an account, download an application or content through the AccuWeather Sites, upload content (e.g., photos, videos) to the AccuWeather Sites, subscribe to e-mail newsletters or other content made available by the AccuWeather Sites, or report a problem with Your account or the AccuWeather Sites. As a registered subscriber or user, You may be able to download software, enter contests or sweepstakes, order e-mail newsletters or participate in additional services or other promotions offered on the AccuWeather Sites. 

In addition to the information that You may proactively provide or voluntarily disclose, Your use of the AccuWeather Sites may result in the assignment of unique identifying numbers and/or codes which may be used to allow AccuWeather and its Providers and others who assist AccuWeather in the support of the AccuWeather Sites to track Your web browsing movements across the internet. By using the AccuWeather Sites, You acknowledge and consent to such activity.

To provide location-based and contextual advertisements, location related products and services, and other things that may benefit from knowing or inferring Your location, AccuWeather and Providers utilize certain geographic tracking technologies that may collect, use, and/or share precise location data (such as GPS signals sent by a mobile device) or information that may be used to approximate a location (such as, but not limited to, a cell ID or IP address), including the real-time geographic location of Your computer or mobile device. By using the AccuWeather Sites, You consent to use by AccuWeather and its Providers of such geographic tracking technologies. 

You should be aware that the fact that You turn off location services may not mean that all location identifiable technologies are turned off. Your device may only turn off GPS tracking, but many devices in the marketplace also track and transmit other location information such as use of Bluetooth (if enabled), identification of a Wi-Fi router through which a device may be communicating, and personal IP address. Some devices even transmit information such as battery power and charging status. We may have no control over how Your device is functioning or transmitting information to Us or others in these modes, which transmission is subject to the terms of service of your phone manufacturer or internet service provider.

If You contact AccuWeather We may keep a record of that contact or correspondence, and may prompt You for further information, depending on the nature of the contact. We may also occasionally ask that You voluntarily participate in or enable automatic entry into Special Programs via log-on entries. At such times, AccuWeather may disclose Your PII to sponsors of the Special Program, and We may or may not describe this to You prior to transferring the data. Special Programs may also be subject to additional or different terms, or may be shared or used in a slightly different way. If different terms do apply, details of the specific terms and conditions or rules for these Special Programs may or may not be provided by posting to the AccuWeather Sites or upon registration for the Special Program, on a case-by-case basis, subject to AccuWeather's terms for sharing PII.

 **Why We Want to Know Certain Information.** It's important for Us to know Our users. We deliver valuable information to You on the AccuWeather Sites free of charge or at low rates. We are able to accomplish this through the use of Providers to produce the income to operate the AccuWeather Sites. Providers are like most businesses in that they want something in return for the money they spend advertising on the AccuWeather Sites or otherwise providing value. They may want to know how many people will see their advertisements, for example, and how often these advertisements are seen. The advertising companies may use information (including or not including PII) about Your visits to this and other web sites in order to provide advertisements about goods and services believed to be of interest to You. These companies may also employ, among other things, Cookies, Web Beacons, Flash Shared Objects, HTML5 Local Storage and/or HTML5 Mini Databases in furtherance of their services to AccuWeather.

Among other things, AccuWeather and its Providers use the information You provide, or Your device provides, including PII to: fulfill Your request for products, services, or information; to process and administer Your entry in Special Programs; to activate Your account; to allow You to access fee-based parts of the AccuWeather Sites; and, to allow You to make submissions (e.g., videos, photos) to AccuWeather or its Providers. We may also use such information (including PII) to notify You of changes to the AccuWeather Sites; to provide You with weather news, e-mail offers, text message offers, and other promotional opportunities; to provide You with up-to-date information on the newest AccuWeather products and services that may be of interest to You; to handle billing issues with You; and to tailor Our online offerings to Your preferences – which may include weather alerts and warnings that may be of value in protecting life and property.

Use of the AccuWeather Sites, the serving of advertising, the collection of data, use of software develop kits by AccuWeather or Providers, all take time on whatever device You choose to use. How You choose to acquire connectivity is an important decision You make based upon Your own research and preferences, plans and opportunities. AccuWeather does not have any responsibility for the nature of these arrangements nor for Your view or that of others as to whether it is believed We could have constructed Our AccuWeather Sites in more efficient ways or with more or less advertising, or more or less data collection, or in any other way. How the AccuWeather sites are constructed is the sole discretion of AccuWeather.

  
 **Vendors and Providers.** To make the AccuWeather Sites more valuable to Our users, We may offer products, services or features through or in conjunction with Providers. Many wireless products, for example, may be made available through cooperative arrangements with Providers who offer specialized products, information or services that We believe work well with the AccuWeather Site. By way of further example, We may elect to use one or more Providers to administer the process for You to make submissions (e.g., videos) to the AccuWeather Sites and/or to host or store such submissions for Us. In some instances, Our Providers may have the same access to Your personal information including PII as We do. 

We use Providers to serve advertisements when You visit the AccuWeather Sites. These Providers may use information about Your visits to the AccuWeather Sites and other web sites in order to provide advertisements about goods and services We may believe of interest to You. If You would like more information about this practice and to know Your choices about not having this information used by these companies, click here: <https://www.aboutads.info/choices> or here: <https://networkadvertising.org/managing/opt_out.asp> or for Microsoft advertising, click here: <https://choice.live.com/AdvertisementChoice>.

 **Links to Provider Sites.** Occasionally, You may seek access to certain products and/or services on the AccuWeather Sites that are only available through third parties, either through their own web sites or on web sites hosted by or linked to the AccuWeather Sites. When ordering, registering for, or purchasing products or services from these Providers, You may at times be entering into an agreement with that Provider, and not with AccuWeather, and their Provider terms may apply. You should read and understand the Providers' terms of use and policies before using their site or entering into agreements with them, since they may differ substantially from this Privacy Statement and other applicable AccuWeather terms and conditions. AccuWeather is not responsible for and does not endorse, or accept any responsibility for the contents or use of the Provider sites, products and/or services and is not responsible for webcasting or any other form of transmission received from any linked or hosted site. You should contact such Providers directly should You have any questions or concerns relating to the terms of use and privacy policies of those Providers' web sites. We may provide information and contact information about Providers in this Policy Statement or on the AccuWeather Sites, but We take no responsibility to have a complete list of these nor to ensure that the contact information is correct or accurate. The information is provided for convenience only; it is Your responsibility to seek out and contact such entities.

 **Behavioral Advertising.** The AccuWeather Sites may be designed to utilize Online Behavioral Advertising. This means that certain information regarding Your internet viewing behaviors or practices, over periods of time and perhaps involving websites or applications which are not the AccuWeather Sites, may be used for the purpose of choosing advertising to display to You. If You desire to "opt-out" of this OBA process, You are to use the link at <https://www.aboutads.info/choices> to do so. This hyperlink and process is the recommended tool for such "opt-out" provisions of the Digital Advertising Alliance Self-Regulatory Principles of Online Behavioral Advertising, to which AccuWeather endeavors to adhere, as a member of the Interactive Advertising Bureau.

 **Google Analytics.** Some or all of the AccuWeather Sites make use of Google Analytics Demographics and Interest Reporting. The AccuWeather Sites may also make use of other Google Analytics for Display Advertising features, including Remarketing, Google Display Network Impression Reporting and/or the DoubleClick Campaign Manager integration. We are required by Google to disclose the following information to You in Our Privacy Statement in connection with Our use of any Google Analytics for Display Advertising features on the AccuWeather Sites:

· You may opt out of Google Analytics for Display Advertising or customize Google Display Network advertising by using the [Google Ads Settings page](https://www.google.com/settings/ads?hl=en&sig=ACi0TChmSiwntBRvy1ORKJRqtV9bsqfd7EmEcPJNH9vfoz-fSHkb1ShIgpOGioWWy6_FSGC_k34ubbpLAuRXAueSZpgbDKLm31gDF7tgEbUKdO4asOi0mA-uFJcrm6vvX2JCn5avoO7n6Skal0G4ZTKtOW6HsFzOw8NUnIPv2srjbPdLNc8-bd5SklRcGBdbRCCQLYyVjUKS). You may also prevent Your data from being collected and used by Google Analytics by opting out through the use of the [Google Analytics Opt-out Browser Add-on](https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout/).

· If the AccuWeather Sites make use of the Google Analytics for Display Advertising Remarketing feature, AccuWeather will use such Remarketing feature to advertise online and third party vendors, including Google, may show AccuWeather ads on sites across the Internet.

· AccuWeather and third party vendors, including Google, may use first-party cookies (such as the Google Analytics cookies) and third-party cookies (such as the DoubleClick cookie) together to (a) inform, optimize and serve ads based on a user’s past visits to the AccuWeather Sites, and/or (b) report how Your ad impressions, other uses of ad services, and interactions with these ad impressions and ad services are related to visits to the AccuWeather Sites.

· Data from Google Analytics Demographics and Interest Reporting may be utilized by AccuWeather to help recognize and understand user preferences, to make improvements to the AccuWeather Sites, to choose content and advertising to display to You, and for other business purposes that will allow AccuWeather to better serve You.

 **Cookies.** The AccuWeather Sites may be designed to utilize cookies for optimal user performance. Cookies and other types of identifiers may also be included for purposes of collecting anonymized traffic data (e.g. how many people come to the AccuWeather Site(s), how often, etc.). Such cookies or identifiers may be placed by Us or Providers. Please check the “Help” menu in Your Internet browser for information regarding how to manage Your cookie preferences (or if You are using a mobile device, check the “Settings” for Your browser or device). Some examples of where cookie preferences may be found and managed in Your Internet browser (as of the version date of this document) are as follows: ‘Settings->Advanced->Privacy and Security->Content Settings->Cookies’ (Google Chrome v61 PC and Mac); ‘Tools->Options->Privacy’ (Firefox v55 PC); ‘Firefox->Preferences->Privacy’ (Firefox v55 Mac); ‘Safari->Preferences->Privacy’ (Safari v10 Mac); ‘Settings->Advanced Settings’ (Microsoft Edge v40); or 'Tools->Internet Options->Privacy->Advanced' (Microsoft Internet Explorer v11 PC). Generally speaking, You may modify browser preferences to accept all cookies, be notified when a cookie is set, or to reject all cookies. If You choose to reject all cookies, You may be unable to use many of AccuWeather's products and services. Some sections of the AccuWeather Sites may require that You log on in order to continue to use specific goods or services offered through Our network, because We do not want cookies to replace security measures that You would otherwise take for Yourself, Your PII and other data. 

**Web Beacons.** Web beacons may also be found on the AccuWeather Sites. Web beacons are used to monitor user navigation to tailor the AccuWeather Sites to Our subscribers or Users' preferences and enhance the site's offerings. For a thorough description of web beacons and their uses, please [click here](http://www.webopedia.com/TERM/W/Web_beacon.html).

 **Flash Shared Objects/HTML5 Local Storage/HTML5 Mini Databases.** The AccuWeather Sites may utilize Flash Shared Objects, HTML5 Local Storage and/or HTML5 Mini Databases in conjunction with the use of the sites and the targeting of advertising to the users of the AccuWeather Sites. Many hand held mobile devices use these technologies in conjunction with the mobile browsers on the devices. Many mobile devices use these technologies which allow for the storage of information on the mobile devices and, in effect, allow the enhancement of internet browsing as well as other uses including but not limited to targeting advertisements. The Flash Shared Objects, HTML5 Local Storage and HTML5 Mini Databases also allow the device to track a user's web browsing movements across the internet and not just on one particular website. AccuWeather and Providers may utilize one or more of these technologies and others on the AccuWeather Sites.

 **Security.** Anytime a credit card is requested for processing orders through the AccuWeather Sites, the user transaction containing the credit card information may be encrypted using Secure Sockets Layer (SSL) technology. SSL provides encryption to all digital information as it crosses the Internet. To learn more about SSL, [click here](http://www.webopedia.com/TERM/S/SSL.html).

 **Age / Use by Minor.** AccuWeather Sites are not directed to children and AccuWeather does not intend to collect any PII from children.. Please do not allow children under the age of 18 to use the AccuWeather Sites, provide any PII to AccuWeather, or ask questions or participate in chat rooms on AccuWeather Sites. If We are notified with verifiable information that a child under 18 has provided personal information to Us, We will delete that information as soon as reasonably possible. If You become aware that a child under 18 has provided such information, please send Us a detailed email with all identifiable information at [customerservice@accuweather.com ](mailto:customerservice@accuweather.com)so We may delete this information. We have no way to control the use of an access device that You allow a minor to use, as such, the device may be sending Us information about location and other factors. PLEASE EXERCISE CONTROL OF YOUR DEVICES TO PREVENT MINORS FROM GETTING INTO A SITUATION WHERE THEIR LOCATION MAY BE DISCLOSED TO US, OUR PROVIDERS, OR OTHER THIRD PARTIES.

 **Password Security.** Access to certain portions of the AccuWeather Sites are password- protected so that You and only You may have access to those portions as a subscriber. It may be necessary for AccuWeather, its employees, contractors or Providers working on behalf of AccuWeather to access the AccuWeather Sites using Your subscriber information to provide You with support or to perform certain maintenance tasks. This access happens on an as-needed basis.

 **Electronic Registration.** When You access or install a new product or service, You may be asked to register electronically. Your registration information will be merged with any information You have already provided ('Profile'). If You have not previously registered within the AccuWeather Sites, a Profile may be created for You from Your product registration information. If You have not already registered by giving us Your PII, You will be asked to do so to ensure that only You can access the product or services. Upon satisfactory completion of Your registration information, AccuWeather authorizes users to access and use the AccuWeather Sites subject to  
the [Terms and Conditions](https://www.accuweather.com/en/legal) on the AccuWeather.com website (or if different, the AccuWeather terms and conditions applicable to the particular product or service You are using) and also to this Privacy Statement. You are required to maintain the confidentiality of Your user name and password. If there is a breach of the confidentiality of a password or user name assigned to You, or any breach of security through Your user's account, then You shall so notify AccuWeather's customer assistance center immediately by contacting AccuWeather at [customerservice@accuweather.com.](mailto:customerservice@accuweather.com)

 **TERMS FOR SHARING PERSONALLY IDENTIFIABLE INFORMATION**

In addition to the uses described above, under special circumstances AccuWeather may opt to access or disclose PII, such as when there is reason to believe that disclosing this information is necessary to identify, contact or bring legal action against someone who may be violating the [Terms and Conditions](https://www.accuweather.com/en/legal) on the AccuWeather Sites, this Privacy Statement, any applicable End User License Agreement, Provider or Subscription Terms or other applicable terms, or when there is reason to believe an individual may be violating the law or causing injury to or interference with (either intentionally or unintentionally) AccuWeather's rights or property, other AccuWeather Site users, or anyone else that could be harmed by such activities. AccuWeather may also be requested to disclose PII to law enforcement authorities or as may be required by court-ordered subpoena. AccuWeather may then opt to disclose or access PII in good faith or in circumstances where the law requires it. We may also access or disclose PII for administrative and other purposes that We deem necessary to maintain, service, and improve the AccuWeather Sites and or products and services.   
AccuWeather may share information (including PII) with Providers, to assist us with the operation, maintenance, and improvement of the AccuWeather Sites, to conduct Special Programs, to fulfill Your requests for service, and to allow You to purchase and renew Your subscription to any fee-based parts of the AccuWeather Sites. AccuWeather may also share information (including PII) with Providers for the placement and management of advertising on the AccuWeather Sites, and in order to serve You with advertisements that may be of interest to You.

AccuWeather may share information with Providers with whom We have cooperative arrangements, such as mobile phone carriers, who offer specialized products, information, or services that work well with the AccuWeather Sites.   
From time to time, We may share data regarding the users of the AccuWeather Sites and the use of Our services (for example, 10% of Our users are within a certain specialty industry, or users who choose one type of service request a related or similar service 38% of the time, etc.), and We may also combine a user's use and purchasing habits through the AccuWeather Sites and Providers' sites to create a personalized user profile so We might tailor the AccuWeather Sites to Our users' preferences and enhance the AccuWeather Sites’ offerings. There may also be other instances where AccuWeather believes that sharing such information with Providers would assist AccuWeather's ability to better serve users. 

Since We use Providers to ship products or perform customized products and/or services offered or accessed through the AccuWeather Sites or Providers' sites, and a credit card processing company to bill some users for goods and services, We may need to disclose PII to complete certain business transactions. Users may also require that We bill for services via invoicing, purchase order, or through Providers, such as mobile/wireless carriers or internet storefronts. Under these circumstances, We may be required to share the user's PII to obtain a credit report with a reporting agency or to complete the order processing to serve the user. 

AccuWeather is in the business of providing and hosting weather information products, services, and other related products and services as a service to Our users. As such, information We collect is considered a valuable asset subject to legal protection and regulation under federal and state laws as a property interest. Accordingly, such information will be subject to all customary rights and protections afforded to property owners under these laws. Such rights customarily include the right to transfer the information during the sale of assets to or merger with third parties, and to routinely share such information with Providers.

Information You provide may be used by AccuWeather or Providers to, among other things, retrieve or create the product or service that You have requested or for such business purposes as AccuWeather and/or Providers may determine in their sole discretion. Please be advised that this User Data may be stored by AccuWeather or Providers as 'preferences' or otherwise and used without restriction. Further, all information submitted is and becomes the exclusive property of AccuWeather and by submitting material to AccuWeather, You accept responsibility for its accuracy, appropriateness and legality. 

If for some reason You believe that AccuWeather has not adhered to these statements, please notify Us at [customerservice@accuweather.com, ](mailto:customerservice@accuweather.com)and We will work to determine the issue and correct the problem as We determine in Our discretion. Your concerns should be detailed in a communication including enough identifying information to permit someone to contact You, in case further information is required to troubleshoot Your concerns. Be certain the words 'AccuWeather Privacy Statement' are included in the Subject line. Further resolution of Your concerns will be governed by the terms and conditions applicable to the AccuWeather Sites. Other than the filing of this report with AccuWeather, there are no other rights granted with regard to this Privacy Statement or the other terms and conditions referenced herein. Specifically, no monetary claim of any kind may be made based on this Privacy Statement or the other terms and conditions referenced herein, with the sole remedy for a claimed breach thereof being the filing of the correction notice for Our consideration, referenced above.  
Version date: September 6, 2017  

