> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the fyiliving.com privacy policy that was archived on 2010-12-30. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20101230193942id_/http%3A//fyiliving.com/privacy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy

**Privacy Policy**

FYI Living understands how important the privacy of personal information is to our users. This Privacy Policy will tell you what information we collect about you and about your use of FYI Living and its services. It will explain the choices you have about how your personal information is used and how we protect that information. We urge you to read this Privacy Policy carefully.

**About This Privacy Policy and Using Our Site and Tools**

This Privacy Policy applies to the FYI Living Web sites owned and operated by FYI Living, including the FYI Living.com site and the FYI Depression.com site. Reference to “FYI Living” means FYI Living, LLC., including any company that FYI Living, LLC.controls). FYI Living Web sites include any site that FYI Living owns or controls (for example, a FYI Depression site). FYI Living may share information among its subsidiaries or sites that it owns or controls, but it is always protected under the terms of this Privacy Policy.

The FYI Living Web site contains links to other sites. Once you enter another Web site (whether through an advertisement, service, or content link), be aware that FYI Living is not responsible for the privacy practices of these other sites. We encourage you to look for and review the privacy statements of each and every Web site that you visit through a link or advertisement on FYI Living.

While you may use some of the functionality of FYI Living without registration, many of the specific tools and services on our website require registration. If you use our Web site without registering, the only information we collect will be Non-Personal Information through the use of Cookies or Web Beacons. If you choose to register with our Web site for certain Interactive Tools or other services, we require you to submit Personally Identifiable Information. Depending on the tool or service you have selected, we may also collect Personal Health Information. You are responsible for ensuring the accuracy of the Personally Identifiable Information and Personal Health Information you submit to FYI Living. Inaccurate information will affect the information you receive when using our site and tools and our ability to contact you as described in this Privacy Policy. For example, your email address should be kept current because that it is how we communicate with you.

**Non-Personal Information We Collect About You**

Even if you do not register with FYI Living, we collect Non-Personal Information about your use of our Web site, special promotions and newsletters.

**A. Cookies**

We collect Non-Personal Information about your use of our Web site and your use of the Web sites of selected sponsors and advertisers through the use of Cookies. Every computer that accesses a FYI Living Web site is assigned a different Cookie by FYI Living. The information collected by Cookies (i) helps us dynamically generate advertising and content on Web pages or in newsletters, (ii) allows us to statistically monitor how many people are using our Web site and selected sponsors’ and advertisers’ sites, (iii) how many people open our emails, and (iv) for what purposes these actions are being taken. We may use Cookie information to target certain advertisements to your browser or to determine the popularity of certain content or advertisements. Cookies are also used to facilitate a user’s log-in, as navigation aids and as session timers.

Most browser software can be set to reject all Cookies. Most browsers offer instructions on how to reset the browser to reject Cookies in the “Help” section of the toolbar. If you reject our Cookies, certain of the functions and conveniences of our Web site may not work properly but you do not have to accept our Cookies in order to productively use our site. We do not link Non-Personal Information from Cookies to Personally Identifiable Information without your permission and do not use Cookies to collect or store Personal Health Information about you.

**B. Web Beacons**

We also may use Web Beacons to collect Non-Personal Information about your use of our Web site and the Web sites of selected sponsors and advertisers, and your use of special promotions or newsletters. The information collected by Web Beacons (i) allows us to statistically monitor how many people are using our website and selected sponsors’ and advertisers’ sites, (ii) how many people open our emails, and (iii) for what purposes these actions are being taken. Our Web Beacons are not used to track your activity outside of our Web sites or those of our sponsors’. We do not link Non-Personal Information from Web Beacons to Personally Identifiable Information without your permission and do not use Web Beacons to collect or store Personal Health Information about you.

**C. Third Parties Collecting Non-Personal Information on FYI Living’s Behalf**

Third parties under contract with FYI Living may use Cookies or Web Beacons to collect Non-Personal Information about your usage of FYI Living’s sites. These third parties may use this information, on our behalf, to help FYI Living target our advertising on their sites within their network, and FYI Living may further tailor the advertising on these third party sites based on your geographic location (zip code), gender and/or age range to the extent known by these third parties. These third parties have agreed not to use Non-Personal Information they collect from our sites except to deliver advertisements on our behalf. If your browser is set to reject cookies, the Non-Personal Information will not be sent to these third parties.

**Personally Identifiable Information We Collect About You**

We collect Personally Identifiable Information, like your name, email address, date of birth, and zip code, you provide to us when you register as a member of FYI Living and/or when you update your member profile. We use the Personally Identifiable Information that you provide to respond to your questions, provide you the specific services you select, send you emails about Web site maintenance and updates, and inform you of significant changes to this Privacy Policy.

**A. Newsletters & Emails to You**

At registration and at various times as you use FYI Living, you will be given the option of receiving recurring informational/promotional newsletters via email from FYI Living and/or directly from third parties. When you sign up for our email newsletters or at any time, you can choose to Opt-In to receiving additional promotional emails from FYI Living or our Sponsors. In order to subscribe to FYI Living newsletters via email, we need your contact information, like name and email address. You can unsubscribe from the newsletters by simply clicking on the “unsubscribe” link at the bottom of any email newsletter. An email to our automated unsubscribe service will be created on your computer. Click the “send” button. You will then be unsubscribed from that newsletter within two to three business days. You may also unsubscribe or change any of your email preferences by clicking on the applicable links in your email newsletter or by changing your profile settings by clicking on any of the view/manage links at the bottom of your FYI Living Newsletter. In some cases, when you click on a link or an advertisement on our site, in an e-mail or newsletter, your browser may be momentarily directed to the website of a third party which, acting on behalf of FYI Living notes or “counts” your response to the e-mail or newsletter before re-directing your browser to your selected destination; this re-direction process may not be apparent to you.

**B. Emails You Send to FYI Living**

This Privacy Policy does not apply to content, business information, ideas, concepts or inventions that you send to FYI Living by email. If you want to keep content or business information, ideas, concepts or inventions private or proprietary, do not send them in an email to FYI Living. We try to answer every email within 48 business hours, but are not always able to do so.

**C. Email a Friend**

If you choose to use our Email a Friend service to tell a friend about our site or newsletter, we will ask you for your name, your email address and your friend’s email address. We will automatically send your friend a one-time email inviting him or her to visit the site using your name and email address as the from email address. FYI Living does not use your name, your email address or your friend’s email information and the information you provide using this service for any other purpose. We will only use the information you provide to send the email you request.

**D. Message Boards and other Public Forums**

As a service to our users, FYI Living features message boards, chat rooms and other public forums where users with similar interests or medical conditions can share information and support one another or where users can post questions for experts to answer. We also offer online discussions moderated by medical or healthcare experts. **Any information shared (including Personally Identifiable and Personal Health Information) that you reveal in a chat room, message board, or online discussion is by design open to the public and is not a private, secure service. You should think carefully before disclosing any Personally Identifiable or Personal Health Information in any public forum. What you have written may be seen, disclosed to or collected by third parties and may be used by others in ways we are unable to control or predict, including to contact you for unauthorized purposes. As with any public forum on any site, this information may also appear in third-party search engines like Google, Yahoo, Bing, etc.**

**E. Website Registration and Interactive Tools on FYI Living**

After you have registered as a member of FYI Living, you may choose to use certain FYI Living interactive content, tools and services that may ask you to voluntarily provide other types of information about yourself including Personal Health Information. Some of the tools (like certain quizzes or calculators) do not retain your Personal Health Information, while others (like Ovulation Calendar) store your Personal Health Information in accordance with the authorization you provide at the time you use the tool.

**F. Children**

We are committed to protecting the privacy of children. Neither FYI Living nor any of its services are designed or intended to attract children under the age of 13. We do not collect Personally Identifiable Information from any person we actually know is under the age of 13. A parent or guardian, however, may use FYI Living to establish a personal health record. The parent or guardian is solely responsible for providing supervision of the minor’s use of FYI Living. The parent or guardian assumes full responsibility for ensuring that the registration information is kept secure and that the information submitted is accurate. The parent or guardian also assumes full responsibility for the interpretation and use of any information or suggestions provided through FYI Living Health Manager for the minor.

**G. Market Research**

From time to time the FYI Living market research department, or its operations contractors acting on its behalf, conducts online research surveys through email invitations, pop-up surveys and online focus groups. When participating in a survey, we may ask you to submit Personally Identifiable Information. FYI Living may combine your Personally Identifiable Information you submit in a survey to information about you from other sources. The information from other sources may include financial, health or other identifiable information. This Personally Identifiable Information is used for research purposes, and is not used for sales solicitations. When a survey is sponsored by a third party, Aggregate Information from the survey results is reported to the sponsor. Personally Identifiable Information collected through market research will be used only by FYI Living and its service providers and contractors and will not be given or sold to any other third party without your consent or as otherwise permitted by this Privacy Policy. For market research surveys we will not knowingly accept survey responses from or conduct interviews with any person under the age of 18. Some surveys may provide remuneration to participants such as a small cash fee for your time or an entry into a sweepstakes for a larger prize. Each. In addition to collecting survey responses from our members, Cookies may be used to authenticate respondents or to help you pick up where you left off in a survey. If you have Cookies disabled you may not be able to participate in some studies. Cookies may be used to connect survey data with FYI Living site usage characteristics.

FYI Living Health Manager – Registration, Use and Tools, including Personal Health Record

FYI Living Health Manager allows you a secure place to store your Personal Health Information and provides tools and services in order to better manage your health and the health of your family. FYI Living Health Manager requires additional registration whether you access it through (i) FYI Living, (ii) your employer’s Web site or (iii) your healthcare sponsor’s website. Regardless of how you access the FYI Living Health Manager the following apply:

**Information Collected by Third Parties Not Acting on FYI Living’s Behalf**

Sponsors or advertisers on FYI Living may use their own Cookies, Web Beacons or other online tracking technologies in the banner advertisements served on FYI Living and in emails, special promotions or newsletters we send you. Some advertisers use companies other than FYI Living to serve their ads and to monitor users’ responses to ads, and these companies (“Ad Servers”) may also collect Non-Personal Information through the use of Cookies or Web Beacons on our Web site. In certain situations, information collection may be facilitated by momentarily directing your browser to the Web site of an Ad Server or other third party acting on behalf of the sponsor, partner, or advertiser before re-directing your browser to its selected destination (e.g., back to FYI Living to show the ad, or to the advertiser’s website); this re-direction process will not be apparent to you.

We do not control these third parties’ use of cookies or Web Beacons, or how they manage the non-personal information they gather through them. However, we do require sponsors, advertisers and Ad Servers who collect cookie or web beacon information through our Web site to agree that they will not collect any Personally Identifiable Information from our site without your consent. They have promised us they will not link any non-personal cookie or web beacon information collected by them on our site to Personally Identifiable Information they or others collect in other ways or from other sites except as may be described in connection with a particular program. For example, in connection with “Sponsored Links” furnished by Google, non-personal information sent by your browser to Google when you click on a sponsored link or submit a query may be used by Google as described in its privacy policy

**Disclosure of Your Information**

Except as described in this Privacy Policy or as specifically agreed to by you, FYI Living will not disclose any Personally Identifiable or Personal Health Information it gathers from you on our website. We may only release Personally Identifiable or Personal Health Information to third parties: (1) to comply with valid legal requirements such as a law, regulation, search warrant, subpoena or court order; or (2) in special cases, such as in response to a physical threat to you or others, to protect property or defend or assert legal rights. In the event that we are legally compelled to disclose your Personally Identifiable or Personal Health Information to a third party, we will attempt to notify you unless doing so would violate the law or court order. In addition, we may disclose Personal Information as described below.

**A. Disclosure to FYI Living Operations and Maintenance Contractors**

FYI Living operations and maintenance contractors sometimes have limited access to your Personally Identifiable Information in the course of providing products or services to FYI Living. These contractors include vendors and suppliers that provide us with technology, services, and/or content for the operation and maintenance of our Web site. Unless you have Opted-out of receiving emails and newsletters from FYI Living, these contractors also may have access to your email address to send newsletters or special promotions to you on our behalf or to send emails to you for purposes such as conducting market research on our behalf. Access to your Personally Identifiable Information by these contractors is limited to the information reasonably necessary for the contractor to perform its limited function for FYI Living.

**B. Disclosure to Linked Sites**

In addition to the Third Party Contractor Web sites that you may access as described above, for your convenience there are links to Third Party Web sites operated by companies that are not affiliated with the FYI Living Web site and that do not have contracts to provide content or services through the FYI Living Web site. These links may be found in advertisements, referenced within content, or placed beside the names or logos of sponsors. FYI Living does not disclose your Personal Information to these Third Party Websites without obtaining your consent. FYI Living does not endorse and is not responsible for the privacy practices of these sites. If you choose to link to one of these Third Party Web sites, you should review the privacy policy posted on this other website to understand how that Third Party Web site collects and uses your Personally Identifiable Information.

**C . Disclosure of Aggregate Information**

FYI Living may provide Aggregate Information to third parties. For example, we might inform third parties regarding the number of users of our website and the activities they conduct while on our site. We might also inform a pharmaceutical company (that may or may not be an advertiser on our site) that “30% of our users live east of the Mississippi” or that “25% of our users have tried alternative medicine.” Depending on the circumstances, we may or may not charge third parties for this Aggregate Information. We require parties with whom we share Aggregate Information to agree that they will not attempt to make this information personally identifiable, such as by combining it with other databases.  
Effective: January 12, 2010

©2010 FYI Living, LLC. All rights reserved.
