> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the tastingroom.com privacy policy that was archived on 2014-06-30. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20140630134548id_/https%3A//www.tastingroom.com/privacy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy Policy - Tasting Room by Lot18

### Privacy Policy

TastingRoom.com is committed to protecting the privacy of its customers. Our site has been designed and built with our customers’ privacy and security front of mind. These principles guide our privacy policy:

  * This policy does not apply to the practices of individuals we do not employ or manage, or to companies we do not own or control, including without limitation the practices of third party websites that you may access through a link on our website.
  * We employ other companies and people to perform tasks on our behalf and need to share your information with them to provide certain services to you, such as shipping and credit card processing. We also are affiliated with a variety of businesses, including wineries, whose products may be sold to you through our website. We may need to share some of your personal information with them, but these companies do not retain, share, store or use personally identifiable information beyond what is necessary to assist us.
  * No registration is required in order to use this website, though a user must provide Personal Information prior to completing any purchase. Personal Information includes such items as name, email, phone number and shipping address and financial information such as credit card number, expiration date, billing address and date of birth. This information is necessary in order for us to contact users to confirm orders, facilitate shipping and billing, and to confirm the customer is of legal age; if you do not provide all the required information, you will not be able to complete a purchase through our site. When you place an order on our website, you will be prompted to become a registered user by creating a User Account. You will be required to provide a password for your User Account, and you may edit it at any time. The information that you provide upon placing an order will be saved to your user account, and you may edit it at any time: name, date of birth, phone number, and email address. 
  * When our order form asks users to enter sensitive information (such as credit card number), that information is encrypted with the best SSL (Secure Socket Layers) encryption. Our third party e-commerce providers, who manage billing and payment processing for our site, also use SSL encryption technology.
  * We automatically receive and store certain types of information about you whenever you visit our site, such as your IP address and cookie information. This is general information about your location and usage of the site, and we will not combine it with any personal information you provide to tell us who you are or what your email address is. We may use this non-personally identifiable information to improve and customize the content you see on TastingRoom.com and to generally enhance your experience on the website.
  * We may collect email addresses entered on our site, even if the Tasting Room account creation process is not completed. We occasionally use these addresses to send promotional offers and other emails. If you do not wish to receive email from us, please unsubscribe using the link at the bottom of the email. Please note that we may send legal notices via email, so if you’ve opted out of receiving correspondence from us, you are responsible for reviewing all legal notices on our website. We will also send transactional information (if applicable) via email, and you will receive these emails even if you have opted out of receiving other correspondence from us.
  * We reserve the right to modify this privacy statement at any time, so please review it frequently. If we make material changes to this policy, we will notify you here, by email or by means of a notice on our home page.
  * We reserve the right to disclose your Personal Information as required by law and when we believe that disclosure is necessary to protect our rights and/or to comply with a judicial proceeding, court order or legal process served on our Web site.
  * Personal Information that you provide to us may be combined with other Personally Identifiable Information (such as demographic information and transaction history) available from our records and other sources. This information will be used to make our future marketing efforts more efficient. This information may also be shared with our third party service providers that assist us with our marketing efforts and with other marketers whose products or services we feel may be of interest to you. If you prefer that we do not share your Personal Information with other marketers, please email us at [optout@tastingroom.com](mailto:optout@tastingroom.com). In the event that you choose to opt out as set forth above, please note that the remainder of the privacy policy will still apply. 
  * In some cases, we may choose to buy or sell assets, and, in that event, your Personal Information may be transferred to or acquired by a third party. If that happens, you agree that the third party may continue to use your information as set forth in this policy.
  * California Civil Code Section 1798.83 permits customers of TastingRoom.com who are California residents to request certain information regarding its disclosure of personal information to third parties for their direct marketing purposes. To make such a request, or if you have any other questions regarding our Privacy Policy, please send an e-mail to [service@tastingroom.com](mailto:service@tastingroom.com). 
  * We collect contact information, such as name, shipping address and phone number, for gift recipients to ensure correct gift delivery. We do not sell or rent any personally identifiable information that you provide to us regarding gift recipients, but they may receive offers from us highlighting new features, new products and services and special offers we think they will find of interest. Also we may send marketing offers to gift recipients on behalf of ourselves and our business partners.
  * When you visit the Website, our service providers may place cookies on your computers or mobile devices. A cookie is a small amount of information that a web server sends to your browser that stores information about your account, preferences and use of the Website. Cookies allow us to recognize you when you return and track and target your interests in order to provide a customized experience. They also help us to detect certain kinds of fraud. We use cookies to store a member's preferences, record session information, record member-specific information on what pages are accessed or visited, alert members to new areas that we think might be of interest to them when they return to our Website, or customize web page content based on browser type or other information that the member sends.
  * We also use web beacons. Web beacons are tiny graphic images placed on website pages or in our e-mails that allow us to determine whether you have performed certain actions. When you access these pages or open e-mail messages, the web beacons generate a notice of that action to us, or our service providers. These tools allow us to measure response to our communications and improve our web pages and promotions.
  * We enable you to refer friends to Tasting Room. You may be eligible to receive referral credit if someone that you refer to Tasting Room signs up to become a member of Tasting Room. If you wish to refer friends, we provide you a unique referral link that you can share directly with others via message from Tasting Room, e-mail, social media websites, or other communication methods. If someone clicks your link and takes a qualifying action, we may attribute that referral to you for purposes such as awarding you referral credit. We do not collect any Personal or Non-Personal Information about the persons with whom you share your link until the persons click the link and engage directly with Tasting Room. If a person clicks the link, the Tasting Room website automatically collects Non-Personal Information, which may include the person's IP address, ISP, and other Non-Personal Information. Personal Information is only collected if the person chooses to sign up and become a member of Tasting Room, or otherwise engages directly with Tasting Room.



This Privacy Policy was updated on November 25, 2013.
