> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the iranproud.vip privacy policy that was archived on 2018-06-30. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20180630071226id_/http%3A//www.iranproud2.com/privacy-policy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy Policy | IranProud.net

iranproud.net website uses cookies, more information is contained below. use of iranproud.net websites indicates that you have read, understood, and agreed with the information provided. Use of any of our websites is also subject to our terms and conditions. Please feel free to contact us if you have any questions or comments. We may modify or revise the privacy policy at any time by updating this web page. You should therefore visit this page periodically to review the details. The iranproud.net website uses third party vendors, including Google, for some of its adverts, and as a third-party vendor, they use cookies to serve ads on the iranproud.net website based on user's prior visits to the iranproud.net website and other sites. Google's use of the DoubleClick DART cookie enables it and its partners to serve ads to you based on your visit to the iranproud.net website and/or other sites on the internet. You may opt out of the use of the DoubleClick DART cookie for interest-based advertising by visiting Google Ads Settings. The iranproud.net website also uses other third-party advertising networks . You may visit any of those websites to opt out of the cookies used in interest-based advertising, if the vendor or ad network offers this capability. You can opt out of some third-party vendors' use of cookies for interest-based advertising by visiting aboutads.info. The iranproud.net website, at times, uses adverts from third-party companies to serve ads and/or collect certain anonymous information when you visit the iranproud.net website. These companies may use non-personally identifiable information (e.g., click stream information, browser type, time and date, subject of advertisements clicked or scrolled over) during your visits to the iranproud.net website and other websites in order to provide advertisements about goods and services likely to be of greater interest to you. These companies typically use a cookie or third party web beacon to collect this information. The iranproud.net website uses Google Analytics, Google have provided a page entitled "How Google uses data when you use our partners' sites or apps" that explains how they use the data that they collect. iranproud.net websites use cookies to store various pieces of information during your visit, this might include your browser size when playing a game, or user-state information, or a saved local data, whether you've voted on the Question Of The Week, or the ability to log in to some of our features, such as the monthly contests, etc. As with most other websites, we collect and use the data contained in the server's log files. The information in the log files includes details such as your IP (internet protocol) address, the browser you used to visit our site (such as Internet Explorer or Firefox), the time you visited our site and which pages you visited throughout our site, etc. Any information submitted to us via the feedback form may be quoted to a third party, and may also be quoted in a public forum (your name and other identifying information, including your email, will remain private). In addition, information received after an exchange of emails initiated by the feedback form may also be used in this way. Use of the feedback system indicates your permission. We may also use this information to determine website user demographics or to contact you with information that we deem relevant to your enquiry. Unsolicited, unrelated emails will never be sent. As part of the registration process we collect your name, email address and country. To the best of our ability this data is stored securely, however, we are not experts. Your email address will only be used to send an optional daily email and the occasional, optional, email containing news about iranproud.net, and any emails required as part of the registration/confirmation process. You are under no obligation to enter your real name or country. When you log in, your IP address is stored. The names, countries and answers of competition entrants may be posted to the website or public newsgroups at our discretion. Search engines may then index the site and your name appear in their listings. Entry into a contest indicates your permission to use your details in this way. Entry into a contest permits us to send a limited number of emails regarding the contest and related activities, including entry confirmation, contest results and reminders. Any geographical information posted to us via a postcard or Christmas card may appear on the iranproud.net website, however, this will not include your name or full address, simply your town and country. We never sell any of your personal information to third parties. However we will disclose any required information if legally obligated. We use cookies to personalise our content and ads, and for traffic analysis. Information about your use of our site is shared with our advertising and analytics providers. By using the site you also agree to our terms and conditions.
