> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the shef.ac.uk privacy policy that was archived on 2009-06-19. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20090619022258id_/http%3A//www.shef.ac.uk/privacy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy


  
The following statement explains our policy regarding the personal information we collect about you when you visit The University of Sheffield web site (www.shef.ac.uk). 

This information is used to improve the content of our web pages, to customise the content and/or layout of our page. We never sell, rent or share any of the information we collect by this method (except anonymous aggregate information) with any third party. 


  
  
#### Information we collect as you browse our web site 

Our web server automatically collects standard information, including your IP address, browser type, operating system and access times. 

Sometimes we may use cookies to customise web page content based on your browser type, IP address or other anonymous information.

This website uses Google Analytics, a web analytics service provided by Google, Inc. ('Google'). Google Analytics uses 'cookies', which are text files placed on your computer, to help the website analyze how users use the site. The information generated by the cookie about your use of the website (including your IP address) will be transmitted to and stored by Google on servers in the United States . Google will use this information for the purpose of evaluating your use of the website, compiling reports on website activity for website operators and providing other services relating to website activity and internet usage. Google may also transfer this information to third parties where required to do so by law, or where such third parties process the information on Google's behalf. Google will not associate your IP address with any other data held by Google. You may refuse the use of cookies by selecting the appropriate settings on your browser, however please note that if you do this you may not be able to use the full functionality of this website. By using this website, you consent to the processing of data about you by Google in the manner and for the purposes set out above. 


  
  
#### About Cookies

Cookies are text files that identify your computer to our server. Cookies in themselves do not identify the individual user, just the computer used. Many web sites do this whenever a user visits their site in order to monitor visitor traffic. 

Cookies themselves only record those areas of the site that have been visited by the computer in question, and for how long. Users have the opportunity to set their computers to accept all cookies, to notify them when a cookie is issued, or not to receive cookies at any time. The last of these, of course, means that certain personalised services cannot then be provided to that user. 


  
  
#### Use of optional information

On certain web pages, you may be asked to provide your name, e-mail address or other personal information (for example, when requesting a prospectus or brochure). We will not use this information for any other purpose; it is never sold, rented or shared with any third party. We will however, use any demographic information you provide for internal market research purposes only. 

If you contact us by e-mail to request information, report a problem or provide feedback on our services we will only use the information you provide (including your e-mail address) to respond to your message. We do not share this information in any way. 


  
  
#### Future developments

From time to time, we may use your information for new, unanticipated uses not previously disclosed in our privacy policy. If our information practices change at some time in the future we will post the policy changes on this page. 

If you are concerned about how your information is used, you should check this page periodically. We will only use data collected from the time of the policy change onwards for these new purposes. 


  
  
#### Security 

We have appropriate security measures in place to protect against the loss, misuse or alteration of information we have collected from you. 

These security measures include the necessary protection to prevent, as far as possible, access to our databases by parties other than The University of Sheffield. 


  
  
#### Access to information 

You have the right to request a copy of the personal information The University of Sheffield holds about you and to have any inaccuracies corrected. (We charge £10 for information requests). Upon such a request we will provide you with access to all the information we maintain about you subject to the conditions of the Data Protection Act 1998. Please request this service by writing to us at the address below. 


  
  
#### Feedback 

If you feel this site is not following its stated information policy, you may contact us at [a.cutler@shef.ac.uk](mailto:a.cutler@shef.ac.uk) or write to A Cutler, Corporate Information & Computing Services  
285 Glossop Road, Sheffield, S10 2HB. 



