> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the shelfari.com privacy policy that was archived on 2012-09-20. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20120920035606id_/http%3A//www.shelfari.com/Privacy.aspx) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy Policy

August 27, 2010

This privacy policy (“Policy”) applies to the Web site owned and operated by Amazon.com, Inc., and its Affiliates ("Shelfari" "we" or "us") located at www.shelfari.com (the "Site"). Shelfari provides an interactive, online community regarding books (the "Services"). This Policy is designed to tell you how we collect and use personal information (as defined below) so you can make an informed decision about using our Site and our Services. Please read this statement before using our Site or submitting any personal information to us. This Site is not intended for use by children under 13. By using our Site, you represent that you are 13 years old or older and that you consent to the information collection and use practices described herein. **We reserve the right to change the provisions of this privacy policy at any time, but we will alert you that changes have been made by indicating on the privacy policy the date it was last updated. Your use of the Site following the posting of such changes or revised statement shall constitute your acceptance of any such changes.** We encourage you to review our privacy policy whenever you visit our Site to make sure that you understand how any personal information you provide will be used.

## What is personal information?

As used herein, the term "personal information" means information that specifically identifies an individual (such as a user's name, address, telephone number, e-mail address, credit card or other account number) or that is associated with an identifiable person (such as demographic information or information about a person's activities when such information is linked to personally identifying information). Personal information does not include "aggregate" information, which is data we collect about the use of the Sites or categories of Site users, from which any personal information has been removed. For example, information that forty-seven percent of the Site's registered users identify themselves as male, but without identifying any specific individuals as male, is aggregate information. We collect aggregate data for a number of purposes, including to help us understand trends and user needs so that we can better consider new publications, products and services, and tailor existing publications, products and services to user desires. This policy in no way limits or restricts our collection of aggregate information.

## What personal information do we collect?

Personal information may be collected in a number of ways when you visit our Site or use the various services and activities available on our Site. At several places on our Site, we may collect certain information you voluntarily provide to us which may contain personal information. For example, when you register for the Site or provide feedback or if you send us an email, we may collect personal information such as your name, address, phone and email and other contact information, as well as demographic and other personal information. Personal information may also be collected if you provide personal information in connection with creating a profile, leaving comments, providing reviews, participating in book groups, discussions or other interactive features of the site or inviting a friend. In addition, from time to time we may collect demographic, contact or other personal information you provide in connection with your participation in surveys, sweepstakes, contests, games, promotional offers, and other activities on the Site.

When you visit our Site, some information is also automatically collected through the use of log files, such as your computer's Internet Protocol (IP) address, your computer's operating system, the browser type, the address of a referring web site and your activity on the Site. We use this information for purposes such as analyzing trends, administering the Sites, improving customer service, diagnosing problems with our servers, tracking user movement, and gathering broad demographic information for aggregate use. We may also automatically collect certain information through the use of "cookies." Cookies are small data files that are stored on a user's hard drive at the request of a Web site to enable the site to recognize users who have previously visited them and retain certain information such as customer preferences and history. If we combine cookies with or link them to any of the personally identifying information, we would treat this information as personal information. If you wish to block, erase, or be warned of cookies, please refer to your browser instructions or help screen to learn about these functions. However, if a browser is set not to accept cookies or if a user rejects a cookie, you will not be able to sign in and will not be able to access certain Site features or Services.

## How do we use the personal information we collect?

In general, we use personal information we collect to facilitate your use of the Site, to process your requests or transactions, to provide you with information, products and services you request, and for the purposes for which the information was provided. We may also use personal information to inform you about other publications, information, events, promotions, products or services we think will be of interest, to administer and assist us with the operation of the Site and of our business. For example, we may use the information we collect:

  * to send you a welcoming email and to contact you about your use of the Site, such as for administrative purposes or to provide you with customer service;
  * to provide you with the services, products or information you requested and to complete any transactions in connection therewith;
  * to respond to your emails, submissions, comments, requests or complaints;
  * to request feedback and to enable us to develop, customize and improve the Site and our publications, products and services;
  * to contact you about our services, products, training, activities or special events or offers and for other internal marketing, informational, product development and promotional purposes;
  * to notify contest winners; and
  * for the specific purpose for which the information was provided.



We may also receive information from third parties with whom we have business relationships, and may combine this information with the other personal information we have about you. In such cases, this Policy governs our use and disclosure of such information.

## What personal information do we share with third parties?

We do not sell, share, or rent any personal information to others in ways different from what is disclosed in this Policy without first obtaining your consent, although we may provide aggregate information to third parties without your authorization. In the event that we engage third party vendors, consultants or other service providers who are engaged by or working with us in connection with the operation of the Site and our business ("Service Providers"), we may share personal information with such Service Providers who need access to such information to carry out their work for us. In such event, we will inform our Service Providers that any such information we provide may only be used to carry out their work for us. We are not responsible for any information you provide to these parties directly, and we encourage you to become familiar with their practices before disclosing information directly to such third parties with which you come into contact.

When you participate in the Site, certain information you post on the Site is shared with other users, and your use of the Site constitutes your consent to share this information. For example, other users will generally be able to see your book shelf and the book clubs that you have joined, see your friends lists and view your profile, which may contain personal information. Users will also be able to find out which other users have the same books on their books shelves. In some cases, you may be able to opt to restrict access to some of this information by using the privacy settings on your settings page or to designate a book or book club as private. Please be aware, however, that although we use commercially reasonable efforts to implement these restrictions and honor these designations, no system or security measure is perfect or impenetrable, and therefore, we cannot guarantee that this information will not be available to others. You should also be aware that personal information that you post on the Site in any comments, reviews, profile, discussion groups, email, book clubs or any other interactive areas, or other information that is provided for the purpose of being shared is publicly available and can potentially be viewed by anyone.

We also may disclose personal information when we are required to or we believe it is appropriate to comply with the law (e.g., a lawful subpoena, warrant or court order); to enforce or apply this privacy policy or our other policies or agreements; to initiate, render, bill, and collect for amounts owed to us; to protect our or our customers' rights, property or safety; to protect our customers from fraudulent, abusive, or unlawful use of our Site; or if we believe that an emergency involving the danger of death or serious physical injury to any person requires disclosure of communications or justifies disclosure of personal information. In addition, information about our customers, including personal information, may be disclosed as part of any merger, acquisition, debt financing, sale of company assets, as well as in the event of an insolvency, bankruptcy or receivership in which personally identifiable information could be transferred to third parties as one of the business assets of Shelfari.

Please note: The Sites may contain links to other sites. Please be aware that we are not responsible for the privacy practices of such other sites. We encourage you to be aware when you leave our Site and to read the privacy policies of any web site that collects personally identifiable information. Similarly, if you entered this Site through another Web site, we are also not responsible for the privacy practices of that site, and you should review the privacy policy of the originating site before providing any personal information to that site. This privacy policy applies solely to information collected by us.

## What steps do we take to protect your information online?

Shelfari endeavors to secure your personal information from unauthorized access, use or disclosure by putting into place appropriate physical, electronic and managerial procedures to safeguard the information we collect through this Site. For example, your account information is accessible online only through the use of a password. Please be aware, however, that despite our efforts, no security measures are perfect or impenetrable. To protect the confidentiality of your personal information, you must keep your password confidential and not disclose it to any other person. You are responsible for all uses of the Site by any person using your password. Please advise us immediately by emailing us at questions at shelfari.com if you believe your password has been misused. You should also note that email is not secure, and you should not send any confidential or sensitive information to us via an unsecured email.

## What choices do you have regarding the use of your information?

You may "opt out" of receiving marketing or promotional communications from us by updating your settings page accessible via http://www.shelfari.com/settings/notifications.aspx to indicate your communication preferences or by sending us a request by mail to the address set forth at the end of this Policy. We also provide links within the emails we send that may be used to opt out of such communications.

## Collection of information from children under 13

This Site is not directed to children under 13. By registering for or subscribing to the Services or by using the Site, users represent to us that they are 13 or over, and we do not knowingly collect any information from anyone we actually know is under 13 years of age.

## How can you correct and update your personal information or obtain additional information?

If you have any questions or comments about this Policy or the practices relating to this Site, or you wish to verify, correct or delete any personal information we have collected, please contact us at questions@shelfari.com, and we will endeavor to respond to your inquiry or to correct, update or remove the personal information you have provided us as you indicate to the extent possible. You may also delete certain information by closing your account. However, please note that in certain circumstances, we may not be able to remove or change certain information, even in the event an account is closed. For example, we may be required to retain other certain information, such as credit card billing information, for a certain period of time, and it may be necessary to retain certain information in order to complete any services or transactions with us. In lieu of email, you may also contact us by mail at the following address:

Amazon.com Legal Department, P.O. Box 81226, Seattle, WA 98108 Attn: Shelfari Legal Department
