> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the shethinx.com privacy policy that was archived on 2019-06-12. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20190612104602id_/https%3A//www.shethinx.com/pages/privacy-policy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy Policy – THINX

THINX wants to give you the best THINX experience possible. This Privacy Policy (this "Policy") describes the privacy practices of Thinx Inc. as well as our family of affiliated companies ("THINX", "we", or "us") with respect to information collected when you sign up for, use, access or otherwise interact with shethinx.com or iconundies.com (the "Sites") and any online services and products of THINX, including mobile applications and websites or applications operated by THINX and connected products and services (collectively, including the Sites, the "Services") that reference this Policy, and how we use and share that information. By using the Services (including the Sites) you consent to the terms of this Policy. 

As you read this Policy please click " read more" for additional details on a topic. You can reach us at [service@shethinx.com](mailto:service@shethinx.com) or the postal address in the "How to Contact Us" section below if you have further questions. 

BY USING THE SERVICES YOU CONSENT TO THE COLLECTION, USE AND TRANSFER OF YOUR PERSONAL DATA FOR PROCESSING IN THE UNITED STATES AS DESCRIBED IN THIS PRIVACY POLICY. 

Personal Data we collect may be stored and processed in the United States or any other country in which THINX or its affiliates, subsidiaries, agents, or third party service providers maintain facilities and/or infrastructure, and by using the Services and submitting information to us, you consent to the transfer, processing and storage of such information outside of your country. Note that the United States is a jurisdiction in which the data protection regime may not provide the same level of security as those in the nation where you reside. Unless applicable law requires different security and protections to be applied in any given relevant jurisdiction, we apply the same principles in using, handling and transmitting data as described in this Privacy Policy in all of our operations. If you do not agree with any part of this Privacy Policy or our Terms and Conditions, please do not access or continue to use any of the Services or otherwise provide your Personal Data. 
