> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the shewired.com privacy policy that was archived on 2009-06-17. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20090617171730id_/http%3A//www.shewired.com/Privacy.cfm) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# SheWired.com - Privacy Policy

**GAYWIRED MEDIA'S ONLINE PRIVACY POLICY**  
This website is operated by GayWired Media (“GWM”). For a complete list of our sites, please visit   
[**http://www.gaywiredmedia.com/sites.cfm**](http://www.gaywiredmedia.com/sites.cfm).  You may contact us directly if you have any questions regarding the content and material on this website, or the collection, use, correction or deletion of any personal or non-personal information provided over this website.  
Our Postal Address is:  
GayWired Media  
10990 Wilshire Blvd.   
Penthouse  
Los Angeles, CA 90024  
Attn: Interactive Department  
We can be reached via e-mail at **_[info@gaywired.com](mailto:info@gaywired.com)_**  
GWM collects two types of personally identifying information from users: personal data (such as names and e-mail addresses); and aggregated data (such as information about traffic patterns on our websites, for example how many users log in on a daily basis). Personal data is collected when users provide personal data to our websites, for example in registering for electronic newsletters or other membership services, in answering surveys, purchasing items from GWM or its partners, and registering for contests and other promotional opportunities provided by heretv.com.  
Aggregated information, such as which pages users access or visit and information volunteered by users, such as survey information and/or site registrations, is collected through various methods. For example, GWM collects IP addresses. An IP address is a number that is automatically assigned to your computer whenever you're surfing the Web. Web servers, the computers that "serve up" Web pages, automatically identify your computer by its IP address, and when you request a page from GWM, our servers log your IP address. GWM does not link IP addresses to anything personally identifiable, so although your session will be logged, you will remain anonymous to us. GWM collects IP addresses for the purposes of system administration and to provide aggregate data to advertisers about the volume of use on our sites.  
GWM also uses "cookies" to collect information. A cookie is a small data file that most major Web sites write to your hard drive for record keeping purposes when you visit them. Cookies allow GWM to measure activity on the Site and to improve your user experience, for example by remembering your passwords and viewing preferences, thus allowing you to visit various member-only parts of the Site without re-registering. Cookies are used by GWM to measure activity on the Site and make improvements and updates based on which areas are popular and which are not. GWM does not use cookies to retrieve information from your computer that was not originally sent in a cookie. Except for personal information voluntarily provided by you (i.e., during newsletter registration or a contest), GWM does not use information transferred through cookies for any promotional or marketing purposes, nor is that information shared with any third parties whatsoever.  
Most browsers are initially set to accept cookies. If you'd prefer, you can set yours to refuse cookies or to alert you when cookies are being sent. However, it is possible that some parts of the Site will not function properly if you do so.  
GWM uses both the personal and aggregated information we collect for multiple purposes. The information is used to improve the content of the Site, to customize the content and/or layout of the Site for each individual user and to notify users about updates to the Site or promotional offers or opportunities that we believe will be of interest to you.  
GWM may also share information with consultants and affiliates for internal business purposes and may divulge personal information if such information is subpoenaed, or if GWM believes that any user has committed unlawful acts, to acts that endanger the health or safety of another user or of the general public. In some situations, we will share your personal information, on a confidential basis, with third parties who perform a particular service on our behalf, such as sending e-mails. Also, GWM may be sold or transferred to another entity. Should such an event occur, customer information will of course be one of the transferred assets.  
In addition, in the event GWM plans to post any personal information on the Site, GWM will either notify you of this possibility when you provide the information and/or, if possible, when the information is posted.  
Occasionally, we may post the name of a user (for example a contest winner) on the Site. GWM will notify you of this possibility when you provide your information or, if possible, will notify you when the information is posted.  
  
We do offer companies the opportunity to advertise on our site and our e-mail newsletters and email lists. These companies may wish to target specific consumer demographics by specifying where their advertising appears on our site, or to whom their e-mail message is sent to. If they select such specific targeting, GWM manages the placement of advertising or transmission of emails and at no time are advertisers provided any of your information.   
  
**External and/or Third Party Sites**  
It is important to note that GWm contains links to sites other than our own, and that those sites may not follow the same privacy policies as GWM. For instance, if you click on a link on GWM, this will take you away from our own and to an entirely different site. This can include links from advertisers, content providers and partners who may use GWM's logo and or style as a result of a co-branding agreement. These sites may send their own cookies to you, and may collect data and make uses of it that GWM would not.  
The use of any information or materials that you may access at these external sites is purely voluntary. You should not rely on their contents without independent and thorough review of the accuracy, completeness, effectiveness, timeliness and correct sequencing. These external sites may also refer to specific commercial products, processes, or services by trade name, trademark, service mark, manufacturer or otherwise. Unless GWM has provided specific authority, such references in no way indicate our endorsement, recommendation or preference. If you would like more information about these practices and to know your choices about not having this information used by these companies, [**click here**](http://networkadvertising.org/consumer/opt_out.asp)..  
  
“We use a third-party advertising company to serve ads when you visit our Web site. This company may use information (not including your name, address, email address or telephone number) about your visit to this Web site in order to provide advertisements about goods and services that may be of interest to you. In the course of serving advertisements to this site, our third-party advertiser may place or recognize a unique “cookie” on your browser.  If you would like more information about this practice and to know your choices about not having this information used by this company, please [**click here**](http://www.doubleclick.net/us/corporate/privacy).”  
  
**Your California Privacy Rights**  
Under California Civil Code section 1798.83, a California resident has the right to request and obtain either (1) information about certain companies' disclosures of personal information to third parties for direct marketing purposes, or (2) access to a cost-free means of preventing such disclosures. As more fully described in this Privacy Policy, you may request that GWM not disclose your personal information to third parties. You may do so either at the time you register or by contacting us by mail at 7336 Santa Monica Blvd, 6L Los Angeles, CA 90046.  
**Additional Information**  
No transmission of data over the Internet is guaranteed to be completely secure. It may be possible for third parties not under the control of GWM to intercept or access transmissions or private communications unlawfully. While we strive to protect your personal information, GWM cannot ensure or warrant the security of any information you transmit to us. Any such transmission is done at your own risk.  
Under no circumstances, including but not limited to negligence, shall GWM be liable for any special, incidental or consequential damages that result from the use of information or materials on our sites, even if GWM or an authorized representative of GWM, has been advised of the possibility of such damages.  
USE OF THIS SITE SIGNIFIES YOUR AGREEMENT TO THE TERMS OF USAGE AGREEMENT AND PRIVACY POLICY.  
GWM reserves the right to change this policy at any time by notifying users of the existence of a revised privacy policy. You can send e-mail to us with any further questions at info@gaywired.com.  
Thank you for visiting!
