> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the moejackson.com privacy policy that was archived on 2015-06-21. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20150621142010id_/http%3A//moejackson.com/privacy-policy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy Policy | MoeJackson

**MoeJackson.com Privacy Policy**  
This statement covers the site MoeJackson.com. Please read this statement carefully before proceeding to access MoeJackson.com. Your use of MoeJackson.com indicates your agreement to abide by the Terms in effect. The Website is owned and operated by Butter Media LLC. If you have any questions or suggestions regarding our privacy policy, [please contact us](mailto:contact@moejackson.com).

**Website Visitors**  
Like most website operators, MoeJackson.com.com collects non-personally-identifying information of the sort that web browsers and servers typically make available, such as the browser type, language preference, referring site, and the date and time of each visitor request. MoeJackson.com’s purpose in collecting non-personally identifying information is to better understand how MoeJackson.com’s visitors use its website. From time to time, MoeJackson.com may release non-personally-identifying information in the aggregate, e.g., by publishing a report on trends in the usage of its website.  
MoeJackson.com also collects potentially personally-identifying information like Internet Protocol (IP) addresses. MoeJackson.com does not use such information to identify its visitors, however, and does not disclose such information, other than under the same circumstances that it uses and discloses personally-identifying information, as described below.  
Gathering of Personally-Identifying Information  
Certain visitors to Butter Media LLC websites choose to interact with MoeJackson.com in ways that require MoeJackson.com to gather personally-identifying information. The amount and type of information that MoeJackson.com gathers depends on the nature of the interaction. For example, we ask visitors who sign up for an account at MoeJackson.com.com to provide a username, email address and profile information. In each case, MoeJackson.com collects such information only insofar as is necessary or appropriate to fulfill the purpose of the visitor’s interaction with MoeJackson.com. MoeJackson.com does not disclose personally-identifying information other than as described below. And visitors can always refuse to supply personally-identifying information, with the caveat that it may prevent them from engaging in certain website-related activities.  
We use third-party advertising companies to serve ads when you visit our Web site. The third-party advertising technology that we use on this Web site uses information derived from your visits to this site to target advertising within this site. In addition, our advertisers may use other third-party advertising technology to target advertising on this site and other sites. In the course of advertisements being served to you, a unique third-party cookie or cookies may be placed on your browser. In addition, we use Web beacons, provided by third-party advertising companies, to help manage and optimize our online advertising. Web beacons enable us to recognize a browser’s cookie when a browser visits this site, to learn which banner ads bring users to our Web site and to deliver more relevant advertising.

**Aggregated Statistics**  
MoeJackson.com may collect statistics about the behavior of visitors to its websites. For instance, MoeJackson.com may monitor the comments / forum posts on the site or use spam screeners to help identify spam. MoeJackson.com may display this information publicly or provide it to others. However, MoeJackson.com does not disclose personally-identifying information other than as described below.  
**Protection of Certain Personally-Identifying Information**  
MoeJackson.com discloses potentially personally-identifying and personally-identifying information only to those of its employees, contractors and affiliated organizations that (i) need to know that information in order to process it on MoeJackson.com’s behalf or to provide services available at Butter Media LLC’s websites, and (ii) that have agreed not to disclose it to others. Some of those employees, contractors and affiliated organizations may be located outside of your home country; by using Butter Media LLC’s websites, you consent to the transfer of such information to them. MoeJackson.com will not rent or sell potentially personally-identifying and personally-identifying information to anyone. Other than to its employees, contractors and affiliated organizations, as described above, MoeJackson.com discloses potentially personally-identifying and personally-identifying information only when required to do so by law, or when MoeJackson.com believes in good faith that disclosure is reasonably necessary to protect the property or rights of MoeJackson.com, third parties or the public at large. If you are a registered user of a Butter Media LLC website and have supplied your email address, MoeJackson.com may occasionally send you an email to tell you about new features, solicit your feedback, or just keep you up to date with what’s going on with Butter Media LLC / MoeJackson.com and our products. We primarily use our various blogs to communicate this type of information, so we expect to keep this type of email to a minimum. If you send us a request (for example via a support email or via one of our feedback mechanisms), we reserve the right to publish it in order to help us clarify or respond to your request or to help us support other users. MoeJackson.com takes all measures reasonably necessary to protect against the unauthorized access, use, alteration or destruction of potentially personally-identifying and personally-identifying information.

**Cookies**  
A cookie is a string of information that a website stores on a visitor’s computer, and that the visitor’s browser provides to the website each time the visitor returns. MoeJackson.com uses cookies to help MoeJackson.com identify and track visitors, their usage of MoeJackson.com website, and their website access preferences. MoeJackson.com visitors who do not wish to have cookies placed on their computers should set their browsers to refuse cookies before using Butter Media LLC’s websites, with the drawback that certain features of Butter Media LLC’s websites may not function properly without the aid of cookies.

**Privacy Policy Changes**  
Although most changes are likely to be minor, MoeJackson.com may change its Privacy Policy from time to time, and at MoeJackson.com’s sole discretion. MoeJackson.com encourages visitors to frequently check this page for any changes to its Privacy Policy. Your continued use of this site after any change in this Privacy Policy will constitute your acceptance of such change.
