> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the aaamidatlantic.com privacy policy that was archived on 2011-12-31. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20111231213603id_/http%3A//midatlantic.aaa.com/About/Privacy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy Policy - AAA - AAA Mid-Atlantic

**AAA Mid-Atlantic Privacy Notice**

AAA MID-ATLANTIC (including its insurance and travel agencies and subsidiary companies) considers your privacy important to you and to us. In order to provide you with individualized service, we collect certain information about you (such as your name, address, date of birth and transactions with us) from information you provide on applications or other forms. We may also collect such information through your inquiries by e-mail or on our Web site. Following are descriptions of how we treat the information you provide to us for various purposes. 

**Information we receive in the AAA Mid-Atlantic club and travel agency:  
**We do not share any information about you with anyone outside our affiliated companies for solicitation or other purposes, except preferred travel partners, AAA Show Your Card & Save Program participants, and other companies that provide goods and services endorsed by AAA Mid-Atlantic, or that provide services to AAA Mid-Atlantic. We only share your information in this way to offer you products and services that best meet your interests and needs and to perform transactions that you authorize or request, or to administer, analyze, and otherwise maintain and improve AAA Mid-Atlantic programs, products and services. The companies outside our own affiliates will use this information only to promote their services to you or to provide such services to AAA Mid-Atlantic, and they are not permitted to share your information or to use it for any other purpose. We may also share your information with the AAA Club in whose territory you reside. 

**Information we receive in our insurance agency and in connection with financial services:  
**Nonpublic personal information is defined by law as any personal information about you that we obtain from you or others as part of your purchase or our delivery to you of insurance or a financial product, such as an auto loan. Nonpublic personal information may include your name, address and date of birth; details of coverage, claims and payment history; and financial transactions with us, our affiliates or others. We will only use or disclose your nonpublic personal information for the following purposes: If you apply for insurance coverage, we will collect necessary information from your application, Bureaus of Motor Vehicles, current and prior insurers, and credit information. In connection with issuing a policy, we only disclose this information to potential insurance companies and consumer reporting agencies. We also share nonpublic personal information with others to deliver insurance services (such as processing applications and renewals, administering the policy and performing customer surveys). We may also share nonpublic personal information with other AAA Clubs or financial institutions under joint marketing agreements and with companies that help us develop and market insurance or financial products. At your request, we may disclose to others that you have insurance through our insurance agency, and the name of the insurance company. Whenever we share nonpublic personal information with others, we require them by written agreement to keep your information confidential and secure and to use such information only for the limited purpose for which it was disclosed.

**We safeguard your information:  
**We also have internal security practices to safeguard the information we have about you. We restrict access to all of your personal and account information to those employees who need to know that information in order to serve you. We maintain physical, electronic and procedural safeguards to protect your information, we monitor who has access to our databases, and we reinforce the privacy practices described here to our employees.

**You may ‘opt out’ of offerings:  
**We are aware that our members and customers may have differing views on receiving our offers of products and services. If you do not want to receive such offers, please follow the directions provided below. We will process your request promptly. AAA members will continue to receive the Club publication, AAA World, on a bimonthly basis.  
**Directions:  
**So that we can promptly and accurately process your request, please submit your request online, if possible, at [AAA.com/Optout](http://www.aaa.com/Optout). If that is not possible, we ask that you submit your request by telephone at 800/763-9900. If that is also not possible, please [print](http://www.aaa.com/Optout) and complete this form then mail the form to: AAA Mid-Atlantic Inc., Attention: Customer Relationship Management Department, 1 River Place, Wilmington, DE 19801.  
If you are completing and returning the form by mail, please PRINT CLEARLY, since illegible information cannot be recorded. Also, please include the complete telephone number you are referring to if opting out of telephone solicitations as well as the applicable e-mail address and/or street address. It is important that we be able to read this information so that we can match your request to information in our records.

**Linking from AAA.com to other Web sites:  
**Please remember that when you use a link to go away from the AAA Mid-Atlantic or AAA World Web site, our privacy policy is no longer in effect. Your browsing; use or disclosure of your e-mail address and other personal information; and interaction on any other Web site, including sites to which you can link from our site, are subject to the terms, conditions and privacy policies of those sites. Please read those privacy policies carefully before proceeding.

**Our use of cookies online:  
**What are cookies? Cookies are small pieces of information that a Web site transfers to your computer's hard drive for record keeping and other purposes. Cookies make navigating the Web easier for you by saving your registration, passwords and references while you're at a site. By using cookies, we can serve you better since they help us understand what information interests you. We can then provide you more of the goods and services you like and want from us and our partners.  
The use of cookies is an industry standard—most major Web sites use them. Cookies come in two types that might be used on our Web site: a persistent cookie and a session cookie. A persistent cookie gets entered by your Web browser in the "Cookies" folder on your computer and remains in this folder after you close your browser. Persistent cookies may be used by your browser on subsequent visits to the site. A session cookie is held temporarily in your computer's memory and disappears after you close your browser or shut off your computer.  
**Here are some examples of how we use cookies:** A cookie lets our computers remember that you've registered, which allows us to speed up your future activities at our Web site. Using cookies to do this record keeping saves you the trouble of entering information over and over again. We also use cookies to estimate the number of visitors to our Web site, track visits to and sales at the sites referenced on our Web site, and analyze our members' and customers' visiting patterns. Similarly, cookies help us tailor our product and service offerings, and those of our partners, to suit your personal interests.

We do not use cookies to store any of your personal or financial information on your computer. Also, we do not use cookies to retrieve information from your computer that was not originally provided by you or provided by your browser in a visit to our Web site. In addition, we do not use cookies to track other sites that you visit on the Internet.

We permit other approved companies to use a cookie when you visit our Web site to help us gather data to improve your shopping experience. Some of these approved companies may also use a cookie to show you information on products and services that might interest you. The use of such cookies sent by third-party servers is standard on the Internet. As mentioned above, we only share non-personally identifiable information in this way so these partners may bring you targeted offers,. This information can be associated with their cookies but will not include personally identifiable information such as your name or address. You may review our partners' privacy policies when visiting their sites. Once you visit or link to a partner's Web site, their sites may use cookies. We do not control those cookies, and they are not subject to our cookies policy.  
**What to do if you do not want cookies used:** If you do not want cookies used in connection with your visit, or if you wish to limit their use, you can generally adjust your browser settings on your computer. Most Internet browsers allow you to set your own preferences for use of cookies. Please see the cookie security options in your browser and change them to suit your preferences. For example, you typically can either refuse to accept cookies or you can set your browser to notify you when you are sent a cookie, giving you the chance to decide whether or not to accept it; however, if you decline cookies, you may have difficulty navigating our Web site, which could adversely impact your AAA Mid-Atlantic online experience.
