> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the academicsuperstore.com privacy policy that was archived on 2014-11-22. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20141122080548id_/http%3A//www.academicsuperstore.com/page/privacy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Academic Superstore : Academic Software discounts for students, teachers and schools

Privacy Policy 

Last updated: May 30, 2012

BY USING THIS WEBSITE OR SUBMITTING PERSONAL INFORMATION TO JOURNEYED.COM THROUGH THIS WEBSITE, YOU ARE CONSENTING TO THE COLLECTION, USE, TRANSFER, AND DISCLOSURE OF INFORMATION AS DESCRIBED IN THIS PRIVACY STATEMENT. 

**Scope of this Privacy Statement**

_In General._ This Privacy Statement applies to each website operated by JourneyEd.com, with headquarters at 5212 Tennyson Pkwy. Ste. 130, Plano, Texas 75024, United States of America, where this Privacy Statement can be accessed from a hyperlink on that website. JourneyEd.com, Inc. also does business as JourneyEd, Academic Superstore, Gradware, and JourneyEd Canada.

JourneyEd.com respects the privacy of our customers, partners and suppliers of products or services and clients. The purpose of this Privacy Statement is to provide you with information concerning how we collect personal information when you use this website, and how we collect other information regarding your interaction with this website without identifying you as an individual; how we use, handle and disclose collected information; and choices you may have about the ways we collect and use that information. Our goal in handling personal information provided to us is to comply with applicable data protection and privacy laws and to offer users of our website notice, choice and consent regarding processing for direct marketing purposes, security, data integrity, access, and enforcement with regard to personal information.

"Personal Information" means information that identifies you personally, either alone or in combination with other information available to us. 

_Supplemental Privacy Notices._ This Privacy Statement may be supplemented or amended from time to time by Privacy posted on this website. Such Privacy Notice will provide supplemental information on how we collect and handle information specific to where that Privacy Notice appears, and is intended to be read together with this Privacy Statement.

_Third Party Privacy Policies or Statements._ If you access a website through which we offer products or services for sale, you may see our web pages co-branded with the name and branding of the organization whose product you are purchasing. If the privacy policy or statement of one of our partners also appears on this website, this Privacy Statement will apply to our use of any information collected by us, and the privacy policy or statement of our partner will apply to any such information provided to that partner as contemplated by this Privacy Statement and any supplemental Privacy Notices.

**Changes to this Privacy Statement**

We may occasionally update this Privacy Statement. These updates may reflect, among other things, changes in applicable laws, rules or regulations, changes in our data collection practices, and/or changes to our business or services. Changes to our Privacy Statement will become effective 30 days after posting and will only apply to your personal information we hold if you use the site after the revised statement becomes effective. If revisions to the Privacy Statement materially affect how we may use Personal Information collected from you prior to the date of the revised statement, then we will request that you opt-in to the revised Privacy Statement. We will post an updated version of this Privacy Statement on the website with a revised effective date, to let you know that we updated the Privacy Statement.

**Collection of Information**

We collect personal information you provide when you use this website. This may include, but is not limited to, the following situations: where you are providing information when you request information about, or use, a product or service available through this website, or information you provide when you purchase a product or service through this website; where you are entering a contest or a promotion, ordering a newsletter or utilizing other informational tools; in connection with a telephone call you receive from us; and where you are submitting an order or purchasing, downloading and/or registering products and/or signing up for additional services.

The information we collect may include, but is not limited to, your name, e-mail address, IP address, billing and/or shipping address, phone number, payment account information, and other information about you submitted to verify who you are or to prevent fraud. You may also be required to provide proof of eligibility for academic pricing which may include but is not limited to a birth certificate, social security number, school identification, or a valid driver's license. If you call our customer service, we may collect personal information you knowingly and voluntarily provide through your contact with our customer service representatives.

We furthermore collect information that is sent to us by your web browser, which may include without limitation information that does not identify you personally (such as the date and time of your visit, information about your web browser, etc.). The information we receive in such manner depends on the settings on your web browser. If you have created a user identity on one of your visits to this website, we may link the information provided by your browser to information that identifies you personally and use it for the purposes described below. Please review the settings of your web browser if you want to learn what information your browser can send or how to change your browser settings.

We may also receive certain personal information about you from third parties where you have agreed to share such information with us, such as through your use of a social network authentication to sign in to this website.

**Cookies and Web Beacons, JavaScript tags, and Other Web Technologies**

We collect information that is typically not personally identifiable through the use of web technologies, including without limitation "session cookies," "persistent cookies," "web beacons" (also referred to as "tracking pixels,"), "pixel tags," or "action tags"), and "Javascript tags." As the Internet evolved, we may implement and use different types of technologies for this purpose.

We may place web technologies on this site directly, and may place web technologies on behalf of the partner whose branding appears on this website or its service providers and allow that partner to utilize the data collected. They also help us identify your IP address. The information collected by web technologies does not identify you personally. However, if you have created a user identity on one of your visits to this website, for example, by making a purchase, we may link the information we collect using web technologies to the information that identifies you personally.

_Cookies._ When you visit this website, your computer may receive one or more "cookies" in order to help personalize and support your use of this website, our services, and/or the services of our partners. A "cookie" is a small text file that is transferred to your computer's web browser by a web server, and can be read by a web server in the same domain at a later time. If you do not wish to receive cookies or wish to manage when you accept cookies in general, you may set your browser to reject cookies or to alert you when a cookie is placed on your computer. We provide more information on this in the "Your Choices" section, below. Although you are not required to accept our cookies, if you set your browser to reject cookies, you may not be able to use all of the features and functionality of this website. Cookies allow a website to customize information that is presented to you through your use of this website (such as to display personalized content and targeted advertising to you on your future visits to this website), and to save time by storing information so you do not need to re-enter it during a later use of our website. In general, cookies do not identify you personally. We may use a combination of "session cookies" and "persistent cookies" on this website, further described below.

_Session Cookies._ A "session cookie" is a temporary cookie that expires when you close your browser. A session cookie assigns a randomly-generated, unique identification number to your computer when you access this website. Assigning your computer a number facilitates the proper functioning of the features of our websites by permitting us to maintain a for your session, such as maintaining the contents of your shopping cart during checkout. We also use session cookies to collect anonymous information (i.e., information that does not identify you personally) about the ways visitors use this website - which pages they visit, which links they use, and how long they stay on each page. We analyze this information (known as "click-stream information") to better understand our visitors' interests and needs and to improve the content and functionality of this website.

_Persistent Cookies._ Unlike a session cookie, a "persistent cookie" does not expire when you close your browser. It stays on your computer until the expiration date set in the cookie (for example, at the end of a calendar month) or until you delete it. Persistent cookies can be used to "tag" your computer so that the next time you visit (or someone using your computer visits), our server will recognize you, not by name, but by the "tag" on your computer. This will enable us to provide you with a personalized experience even if we do not know who you are. It will also allow us to collect more accurate information about the ways people use this website, for example, how people use this website on their first visit and how often they return. Using persistent cookies permits us to provide you with a more personalized shopping experience and, in some cases, may save you the trouble of re-entering information already in our database.

_Web Beacons._ When you visit this website, your computer may receive one or more "web beacons" in order to assist us with delivering cookies on this website, to collect anonymous information about the use of this website by our visitors, and to deliver customized or targeted content to you on this website and through our partners. Web beacons (also referred to as "tracking pixels," "1x1 gifs," "single-pixel gifs," "pixel tags," or "action tags") are graphic images, usually no larger than a 1x1 pixel, placed at various locations on this website. They also help us identify browser types, search terms that bring visitors to our website, and the domain names of websites that refer traffic to us. We also utilize web beacons to provide us with more information on any emails we send out. In particular, a web beacon in an email communication will send us information to let us know that you have received, opened, or acted upon an e-mail you have chosen to receive from us.

_JavaScript Tags._ This website may include one or more JavaScript tags which are used by us to collect anonymous information about the use of this website by our visitors, and to deliver customized or targeted content to you on this website and through our partners. We may use JavaScript tags to anonymously track how visitors interact with our websites, including where they came from and the manner in which they use our websites.

**Storage, Use and Sharing of Information**

Your personal information provided to us will be processed on our computer servers or those of one of our corporate affiliates providing infrastructure hosting services to us. In some cases (where it is necessary to do so in order to fulfill our contractual obligations to you) such information may also be transmitted or made available to (i) third-parties providing services to JourneyEd.com or (ii) product manufacturers, licensors and/or or suppliers, located in the United States of America or another territory outside the EEA.

_Our Use of Personal Information._ We may use personal information collected by us for the following purposes: 

  * to contact you if you have requested information or communication from us; 
  * to partner with other parties to provide specific services. When you submit your information, we may share names, or other contact information that is necessary for the third party(s) to provide these services. These parties are not allowed to use personally identifiable information except for the purpose of providing these services; 
  * to determine the country in which you are located for compliance purposes, including without limitation export compliance, and for security, anti-piracy, and fraud prevention purposes; 
  * to help verify that existing personal information about you in our possession is accurate and complete; 
  * for lead generation purposes; 
  * to provide you with product updates and upgrades, special offers, pricing information, newsletters, and other information, either on our own behalf or in some cases on behalf of a partner or client acting as their agent, where you have consented to receive it; 
  * to determine if you are eligible to participate in an offered program (e.g., a special pricing program); 
  * to undertake any other promotional activities where you have consented to such promotional activities; 
  * in connection with keys, access codes or other information as may be required to permit you to access the websites or services of our partners to receive products, updates or services; 
  * for the purposes identified in a specific Supplemental Privacy Notice posted on the page or area of this website where you provided that information; 
  * to verify compliance with applicable laws, rules and regulations; 
  * if you visit this website for the purposes of conducting a purchase transaction: 
    * to take, verify, process or deliver your order, process or obtain payment, verify your tax or tax exempt status, contest chargebacks, determine your eligibility for a line of credit, or notify you of the status of your order; 
    * for fraud and piracy prevention purposes; 
    * to provide you, to the extent permitted by law, with a personalized shopping experience; 
    * to register your purchase with the manufacturer or service provider for warranty, technical support or similar purposes; 
    * to provide notice of your purchase to the provider of an online service for which you purchase a service use right from us, for example, in order for the service provider to enable your access to the service; 
    * to establish an account for future purchases by you if you have consented to the creation of an account; 
    * to facilitate the renewal of subscriptions for products or services; and 
    * to provide you with effective customer service (which may to the extent and in a manner permitted by applicable law, include contacting visitors who commence but do not complete a checkout process to follow up on the incomple and/or technical support. 



We keep your personal information only as long as we need it for the purposes for which it was originally collected (or to which you have subsequently consented), for other legitimate purposes (such as regulatory compliance), and as permitted or required by applicable law. We may retain eligibility verification information you provide for a period of three (3) years. We will observe applicable law and take reasonable steps to ensure any person or entity receiving personal information for the purposes described above, are obligated to protect and keep secure the personal information on your behalf.

_Our Use of Anonymous Information._ We may use anonymous information collected by us:

  * to personalize and support your use of this website, our services, and/or the services of our partners; 
  * to improve this website, the customer experience, our advertising systems, and our products and services; 
  * for fraud prevention purposes, such as device fingerprinting; 
  * to identify actions or transactions as originating through an affiliate marketing or referral program; 
  * to deliver targeted advertisements on this website and other websites; 
  * to provide reporting to our current and prospective partners and service providers; and 
  * for other historical, statistical or research and analysis purposes. 



In addition, we may "de-identify" personal information by removing any information that identifies you specifically, and use the rest for the purposes set forth above.

_Our Partners._ When we make a vendor's products available for sale through a website we operate, we are doing so as an independent e-commerce reseller of, or service provider for, that vendor, and if the website is co-branded, the partner whose name and/or logo appears on the particular website. In connection with your purchase of a product or service through an online store we operate, we will provide certain of the personal information and/or anonymous information you provide to our partner whose branding appears on the particular website in connection with your purchase to that partner for reporting purposes, to allow our partner or its service provider to register your purchase, to enable your access to products or services provided by our partner or its suppliers, to facilitate warranty, technical support or after-sales service, to allow our partner or its subcontractor to send communications to you if you have consented to receive them, to allow our partner or its service provider to provide services in connection with this website such as customer support or single sign-on functionality on this website and our s website, or for similar purposes in order to fulfill obligations to you. We may also include your name, educational institution, list of purchased products, and manner of verification of educational eligibility to certain product manufacturers if required by them to verify educational eligibility for certain promotions. We may also make your eligibility verification information available for review by such product manufacturers at our facilities in connection with an audit by that product manufacturer, provided the product manufacturer is under contractual obligation to us to keep all such reviewed information confidential. We may also provide certain of the personal information you provide in connection with your purchase to the publisher or manufacturer of a product you purchase, or operator of a service for which you purchase a service use right from us, if different than the partner whose name and/or logo appears on this website. The privacy policy of our partner, and of the publisher, manufacturer or operator of the product or service you provide, will govern how that party uses and protects any of your personal information that we provide to them.

_Our Service Providers._ We utilize other companies, including but not limited to our corporate affiliates, to provide joint services or certain services to us or on our behalf and help us to operate our business. For example, to the extent permitted by applicable law we may use our corporate affiliates and/or other companies to host or maintain this website, to process credit card payments, to provide fraud screening and/or detection services, to perform eligibility verification services, to perform data integrity checks, to offer you a line of credit, to provide website optimization services, to fulfill your order, for payment collection, to deliver advertisements on this website and third party websites, to send mail or e-mail, and/or to provide customer service. We may share your information with our service providers in connection with their provision of services to us. These companies are required by contract to use any information we share with them only to perform services to us or on our behalf and to protect the confidentiality of your personal information. If these companies are collecting anonymous information, we may also allow them to utilize anonymous information for their business purposes. We will not share your personal information with our affiliates or unrelated third parties to use for their own marketing purposes without your consent.

_To Comply With Legal Requirements, Cooperate With Law Enforcement, Prevent Fraud and Other Crimes, and Protect Legal Rights, Property, You and Others._ To the extent permitted by applicable law, we may disclose the personal information we collect on this website without notifying you when we, in good faith, believe disclosure is appropriate to comply with the law or a regulatory requirement; to comply with governmental, administrative or judicial process, requirement or order, such as a subpoena or court order; to cooperate with law enforcement or other governmental investigations (without necessarily requiring the law enforcement or government agency requesting the information to formally serve us with a subpoena); to prevent or investigate a possible crime, such as fraud or identity theft; to enforce a contract; to protect the legal rights, property or safety of JourneyEd.com, its corporate affiliates, and their respective employees, clients and partners and agents, other users or the public in general; or to protect your vital interests if determined necessary by us. In addition, we may review our server logs for security purposes, such as detecting intrusions into our network. If we suspect criminal activity, we may share our server IP addresses 

_In Connection With Corporate Events._ If one of our corporate affiliates or a third party has acquired our business, specific assets or the business of one of our operating divisions through which you have provided information to us, for example, as the result of a sale, merger, reorganization, insolvency, dissolution or liquidation, your personal information will become owned by that company. In that event, the acquiring company's use of your personal information will still be subject to this Privacy Statement, any applicable Supplemental Privacy Notices, and the privacy preferences you have expressed to us.

**Your Choices**   
JourneyEd.com respects your right to make choices about the ways we collect, use and disclose information about you. We generally ask you to indicate your choices at the time and on the page where you provide your personal information.

When you provide personal information, we may offer you a choice as to whether you would like to receive further communications from us and/or from our partners, such as communications related to updates, upgrades, special offers and pricing. You have the right to withdraw your consent at any time. If you decide you no longer want to receive promotional messages from us, you may let us know by e-mailing us at [optout@academicsuperstore.com](mailto:optout@academicsuperstore.com) or by following any unsubscribe link in our e-mails; please specify which consent you are revoking in your e-mail to us. Please note, however, if you give us permission to add your contact information to our s mailing list and later withdraw your permission, you will have to contact our Partner (or use opt- provided in the e-mails our Partner sends you) to have your name removed from our s mailing lists.

If you decide you do not wish to receive further postal mailings or telephone calls from us or wish to opt-out of our catalog mailing list, please let us know by mailing or faxing a letter containing your name and address to: JourneyEd.com, ATTN: Do Not Mail, 5212 Tennyson Pkwy. Ste. 130, Plano, TX 75024. To ensure your request is handled accurately, please include a copy of your catalog label with your request. Please make sure to contact us for each address you have provided to us. You may also use the above address to eliminate duplicate catalogs by mailing or faxing a letter containing your name and address and this request, ATTN: Catalog De-Duplication. 

If you prefer we do not share your name and address with other marketers, you may opt-out of us doing so by e-mailing us at [optout@academicsuperstore.com](mailto:optout@academicsuperstore.com), or by mailing or faxing a letter containing your name and address and this request, ATTN: Marketing Opt-Out.

If you accept a session or persistent cookie, you can delete it at any time through your web browser (e.g., as soon as you leave our website). If you do not wish to receive cookies or wish to manage when you accept cookies in general, you may set your browser to reject cookies or to alert you when a cookie is placed on your computer. Although you are not required to accept our cookies, if you set your browser to reject cookies, you may not be able to use all of the features and functionality of this website.

We and our partners use third party service providers, which may include but are not limited to Google Analytics 

, to serve ads on our behalf across the Internet, and sometimes on this website. These ads may collect anonymous information about your visits to the website on which such ad is placed, your interaction with these ads and the products and services offered by us, our partners and our suppliers through the use of a pixel tag or other web technologies. We and our partners may use this anonymous information to provide targeted advertisements to you for goods and services. If you would like more information about this practice and to know your choices about not having this anonymous information used, please visit www.networkadvertising.org/consumer/opt_out.asp. You may view a list of third party service providers who collect anonymous information, and/or opt-out of such collection of anonymous information about you, by visiting http://www.networkadvertising.org/managing/opt_out.asp. If you opt out of having your information collected through cookies, web beacons and other tools, your existing display advertising cookie(s) will be deleted and new cookie will attempt to be placed that instructs service providers not to track your future activities when that cookie is detected (a "no-track" cookie). If your browsers are configured to reject cookies when you visit our opt-out page, a "no-track" cookie cannot be set on your computer. Also, if you subsequently erase "no-track" cookies, use a different computer or change web browsers, you will need to opt-out again.

**Security of Information**

We are committed to keeping personal information secure. We have implemented physical, technical and administrative safeguards reasonably designed to protect your personal information from unauthorized access and disclosure. When we collect or transmit sensitive information such as a financial account number, social security number, s license information, or a birth certificate, we use industry standard methods and those methods required by law to protect that information. It is important that you understand, however, that no website, database or system is completely secure or "hacker-proof." You are also responsible for taking reasonable steps to protect your personal information against unauthorized disclosure or misuse, for example, by protecting your password.

Different countries have different privacy laws and requirements. Please know, however, that no matter where your personal information is collected, used, transferred or stored, if it was collected through this website, it will be protected by us in accordance with the terms of this Privacy Statement, any Supplemental Privacy Notices that apply to you, and applicable laws, rules and regulations.

**Accessing and Correcting Your Personal Information**

We strive to maintain the accuracy and integrity of the personal information in our databases and to keep that information up-to-date. We provide ways for you to access your personal information as required by applicable law, so that you can correct inaccuracies or update your personal information. 

If you would like to review, correct or challenge your personal information, please contact us by postal mail or fax addressed to us at JourneyEd.com, ATTN: Information Update, 5212 Tennyson Pkwy. Ste. 130, Plano, TX 75024 or by e-mail at [privacy@academicsuperstore.com](mailto:privacy@academicsuperstore.com). You may write to us in your own language.

If you contact us we may, for your protection, ask you for additional information to verify your identity. In most cases, we will provide the access you request and correct or delete any inaccurate personal information you discover. We reserve the right, however, to limit or deny your request to the extent permitted by applicable law if the disclosure may lead to a breach of applicable law and regulation, e.g. in case of any legal obligation to retain certain data, or if you have failed to provide sufficient evidence to verify your identity.

**Links to Third Party Websites**

This Privacy Statement is only applicable to the use and disclosure of information we collect from and about you through this website and any other websites on which this Privacy Statement appears. It does not apply to information collected on the websites of our partners, service providers or any other third party, even if their website links to this website, or this website links to theirs. We do not control the privacy policies of our partners, service providers or other third parties. If you disclose information to any other party, different terms may apply to their use and disclosure of information disclosed to those third parties. Please review the privacy statement posted on each website you visit. 

**Children's Privacy**

If you have not reached the age of majority or are not able to enter into legally binding agreements in your country, you may not use this website unless supervised by an adult. Our goal is to comply with applicable laws and regulations relating to collection and use of information from children as such term is defined by applicable laws. If you believe that we have received information from a child or other person protected under such laws, please notify us immediately by postal mail addressed to JourneyEd.com's Privacy Department, 5212 Tennyson Pkwy. Ste. 130, Plano, Texas 75024, United States of America or by e-mail at [privacy@academicsuperstore.com](mailto:privacy@academicsuperstore.com). If you have privacy-related questions not answered online, you may contact us by any of the following means:

  * _By Mail:_ You may contact us by postal mail addressed to JourneyEd.com, ATTN: Privacy Department, 5212 Tennyson Pkwy. Ste. 130, Plano, Texas 75024, United States of America. 
  * _By Email:_ You may contact us by e-mail at [privacy@academicsuperstore.com](mailto:privacy@academicsuperstore.com). Please specify "Global Privacy Question" in the subject line to help us to expedite our review of your e-mail.  




You may write to us in your own language.  

