> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the woo55.pk privacy policy that was archived on 2014-11-22. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20141122031424id_/http%3A//www.woo55.pk/privacy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy Policy - Woo55.Pk - Audio File Hosting

Woo55 Ltd., a Pakistan limited company (the Company) thanks you for accessing this web site (the Site). The Company wants to assure you that we respect your privacy because we know that trust is the key to any successful relationship. The following Privacy Policy describes the Companys commitment to protect your personal information. This Privacy Policy explains how the Company collects, uses and discloses your personal information. This Privacy Policy also explains the steps the Company has taken to ensure that your personal information is secure. Finally, this Privacy Policy explains your choices regarding the collection, use and disclosure of your personal information. THE COMPANY IS NOT RESPONSIBLE FOR THE CONTENT OR PRIVACY PRACTICES ON ANY WEB SITES NOT AFFILIATED WITH THE COMPANY TO WHICH THIS SITE LINKS. If you have subscribed to one of our services, you may unsubscribe by following the instructions which are included in e-mail that you receive. You may be able to block cookies via your browser settings but this may prevent you from access to certain features of the website. Cookies are small digital signature files that are stored by your web browser that allow your preferences to be recorded when visiting the website. Also they may be used to track your return visits to the website. 3rd party advertising companies may also use cookies for tracking purposes. INFORMATION COLLECTION AND USE Information Collection. The Company collects personal information from you at several different points and in different ways on this Site. The Company will provide opt-out instructions before using your personal information to contact you. The Companys primary goal in collecting personal information from you is to provide you with an efficient, meaningful and customized experience. For example, the Company can use your personal information to: make this Site easier for you to use by not having to enter information more than once. help the Company show you content on this Site that is most relevant to you. alert you to updated information and services offered by the Company. Registration. To use this Site you may be required to first complete an online registration form. During registration you will be prompted to provide to the Company certain personal information, and possibly credit reference information, including but not limited to your name, address, phone number and e-mail address. In addition, the Company may also ask you for your country of residence. Use. During your use of the Site, the Company may also collect information regarding your preferences with respect to the content that you view, so that it may provide a more customized and relevant browsing experience for you in the future. Your Content Files. Files that you may upload to the Site shall be protected as follows: Woo55 does not guarantee that all files will be deleted from its services upon termination of your account; however Woo55 will not use your information or your files except as set out on this Privacy Policy. Cookies and Other Technology. The Company may collect aggregated site-visitation statistical information through cookies and other technology, such as Clear GIF technology, which is also known as a web beacon. Such aggregated statistical information is non-personal information. This Site employs cookies and web beacons to speed your navigation of the Site, recognize each user and its access privileges, and tracks a user's site usage. 'Cookies' are small pieces of information that are stored by a user's Internet browser on a user's computer's hard drive. Most Internet browsers are initially set to accept cookies. A user can set his or her browser to refuse cookies, but the user will not be able to access or use portions of this Site. THIS SITES COOKIES DO NOT HAVE THE CAPABILITY OF INFILTRATING A USER'S HARD DRIVE AND GATHERING A USER'S PERSONAL INFORMATION. Web beacons assist in delivering cookies and help the Company determine whether a web page on this Site has been viewed and, if so, how many times. For example, any electronic image on this Site, such as an ad banner, can function as a web beacon. Log Files. The Site server automatically recognizes the Internet URL from which you access this Site. The Company may also log your Internet protocol ('IP') address for system administration and troubleshooting purposes. (An IP address indicates the location of your computer on the Internet.) The Company does not link an IP address to any personally identifiable information. Information Use and Disclosure. Internal Use. The Company may identify you in connection with your use of certain aspects of this Site. For example, the Company may identify you by your viewing history, IP address, profile information, aggregate user data, and/or browser type. The Company may also request (although not require) other profile data including but not limited to: geographical information (such as zip code), personal interests, gender, education, occupation and income level. The Company may internally use your personal and non-personal information to track its users demographics, improve the Companys marketing and promotional efforts, to improve the Sites content and/or layout, and to determine general marketplace information about visitors to this Site. External Use. The Company does not sell, rent, license or otherwise disclose your specific personal information or financial information to any third parties, but the Company may be required to disclose such information in response to a valid court order or if the Company is otherwise required to disclose such information by law, including without limitation, in response to investigations conducted by law enforcement agencies. If the Company should ever file for bankruptcy or merge with another company, the Company may sell or otherwise distribute the information you provide to us on this Web site to a third party or share your personal information with the company with which the Company merged. The Company does not use any outside companies to ship the Company products, to process customer orders or to process financial transactions. WHILE THE COMPANY HAS TAKEN EVERY COMMERCIALLY REASONABLE PRECAUTION TO SAFEGUARD YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION, THE COMPANY CANNOT GUARANTEE COMPLETE SECURITY BECAUSE COMPLETE SECURITY DOES NOT PRESENTLY EXIST ON THE INTERNET. OPT OUT/CORRECTIONS Upon your request, the Company will (a) remove your personal information from the Companys database (which might cancel your subscription to this Site or a portion of this Site); or (b) correct or update your personal information. You can request that the Company remove, correct or update your personal information at the customer information section of this Site support@Woo55.com or by mailing, telephoning, or e-mailing your request to the Company Customer Support department at Zeskty@gmail.com UPDATES TO THIS POLICY if the Company decides to change or update this Privacy Policy, the Company will post changes and updates on this Site so that you will always be aware of what information the Company collects, uses and distributes. The Company encourages you to review this Privacy Policy from time to time so you will know if the Privacy Policy has been changed or updated. If you have any questions about the Companys Privacy Policy, please contact us at Zeskty@Gmail.com Woo55.pk
