> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the woolrich.com privacy policy that was archived on 2013-05-10. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20130510083245id_/http%3A//www.woolrich.com/woolrich/company/privacyAndSecurity.jsp) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Woolrich® Privacy and Security

Privacy & Security 

This is the website of Woolrich, Inc. - http://www.woolrich.com  
Our postal address is: Two Mill Street, Woolrich, PA 17779  
We can be reached via [email](mailto:service@woolrich.com?subject=) or you can reach us by telephone at (800) 966-5372.

Your privacy and security is the primary concern to us here at Woolrich. We are committed to ensuring the highest level of consumer confidence and security through responsible use and maintenance of information. Our Privacy Policy strives to comply with policies and recommendations set forth by the Federal Trade Commission (FTC) with regard to all four substantive fair action practice principles of Notice/Awareness, Choice/Consent, Access/Participation, and Security/Integrity. It is our mission and goal to provide you with a safe, secure online experience backed with the quality and integrity of over 175 years of consumer trust and confidence. We suggest occasional review of our Privacy Policy for periodic updates.

Our policy was last updated: September 2012. 

When an individual registers or places an order on this website, personally identifiable information is collected. Information collected includes first name, last name, shipping/billing addresses, credit card information (when ordering products only), a day phone number, email address, as well as a user name and password. Credit card information is securely maintained and is never shared, sold, or traded. The option to participate in a customer survey is also available at the end of ordering. This opt-in survey consists of a variety of questions and in no way a requirement to make a purchase on our site. Customers who choose to participate in the survey have the option to provide answers to any, all, or none of the questions included on the survey. Other areas where information is collected include our Email Request Opt-in page, where you can provide only your email address to receive updates via email, without having to register, and our Request a Catalog Opt-in page, where you need only to provide your mailing address to receive a catalog.

Our website also collects some non-personal information about you in a way that it is not readily apparent to you that it is being collected. For instance, when you come to our site, items such as your IP address, connection speed, browser type, duration of stay, frequency of visits, and screen resolution is collected. This information is used exclusively for the purpose of monitoring the traffic on our site and is not personally identifiable and we do not combine this type of information with any personally identifiable information. We use this data to improve the customer's shopping experience with our site. 

Registration and order information collected from this site is maintained in a secure customer database so we may effectively process, bill, ship, and service customers and their orders, as well as contact our customers with information pertaining to their order. We utilize information to send catalogs and occasionally apprise our customers and guests of upcoming offers and opportunities via email and direct mail.

Third party companies are used in some instances to assist us in managing customer information, to help us provide our products and services to you, to fulfill promotions and to communicate with you. In some instances, these companies are given access to some or all of the information you provide, and some may also use cookies on our behalf. These companies are restricted contractually from any use of your information other than assisting us in providing you with the products and services available from Woolrich. 

If you are currently receiving catalogs, emails, or direct mail and would like to suspend receipt, you may remove yourself using the opt-out link at the bottom of each email sent, or contact our customer service department Monday through Friday 8 am-5 pm EST by calling toll free (800) 966-5372 and asking for Catalog Customer Service.

Credit card numbers and email addresses are securely maintained and are never shared, sold, or traded. On occasion, we may provide your name and postal address to select companies whose products or services you may find of interest. Sales data may be used to determine if certain offers are likely to appeal to your interest. If you prefer that we do not provide this information to other companies, please contact our customer service department Monday through Friday 8 am-5 pm EST by calling toll free (800) 966-5372 and asking for Catalog Customer Service. 

All transactions are transferred utilizing Secure Socket Layering (SSL) technology to encrypt and protect your information from misuse, alteration, loss, or access from other Internet users as it travels through the Internet channels from your computer. The information is then passed through our secure servers and stored in our databases, which are secured even further behind "firewall" protection. You can review our online Security Verification now. To visibly ensure the use of a secure server while transferring and receiving your personal information, your browser will indicate the use of Secure Socket Layering (SSL) technology by displaying either a solid key icon or a locked padlock icon in your browser window. 

Information collected on this site is available to only Woolrich employees and the employees of third party companies who have direct involvement in the successful operation of this web site. Reasonable access is given to individual customers regarding their own personal and account information via the "My Account" page. The information here is protected through our secure servers and SSL technology, and is accessed through use of your username and password. No third party, other than the "select companies" provided limited information and previously referenced, can access customer information.

Woolrich.com may disclose personally identifiable information if legally required to do so by operation of law, including disclosures responsive to warrants, subpoenas, or other governmental orders. 

Registered customers can modify their personal account information at any time via the "My Account" page. Through this screen you are able to edit your billing information, view your complete order history, create or edit your address book, or delete your entire registered account with Woolrich. 

Very simply, "cookies" are tiny bits of unique code that are placed on your computer's hard drive when you first visit. This code efficiently enables our server to recognize you whenever you return. Cookies reside on your own computer, and are accessed only when you visit our site. They allow your computer to "connect" with information stored in our secure servers, such as your shopping cart information. Through the use of cookies we are able to provide the enhanced experience that many Internet users have come to expect. Any cookie that our server places on a computer will never contain any personally identifying information. Our site is designed so that people who do not want to allow cookies on their hard drive can prevent the placement of cookies through the settings on their web browser. You may also be able to set your browser to notify you when cookies are in use. As with all web sites that utilize cookies, you will be unable to use all the enhanced features of our site, should you choose to disable cookies.

Cookies are also used to track transactional data specific to those users participating in our affiliate programs, marketing programs, and for purposes related to technology and troubleshooting purposes. 

Woolrich.com does not seek to solicit or retain any information from anyone under the age of thirteen (a "Child"). Woolrich.com strives to remain compliant with the Hatch statute and FTC guidelines regarding children's online privacy. If a child submits information through any part of this website and we learn that the person submitting is a child, it will be deleted immediately and never disclosed to any third parties. 

As a courtesy to our guests, this site provides links to other sources of information, services, and/or areas of interest. We advise all guests that once they leave Woolrich.com by linking to another site, our site privacy and security policies no longer apply. Please also be advised that Woolrich.com is not responsible for the privacy policies and guidelines on these sites, and encourage our guests to review the policies on these sites. 

California Civil Code Section 1798.83 permits individual customers of Woolrich.com, who are current residents of California, to request information regarding our disclosure of personal information to third parties for the purpose of their direct marketing. To make such a request, please [email](mailto:service@woolrich.com?subject=) us, or you can reach us by telephone at (800) 966-5372.

Thank you for shopping Woolrich.com. If you have any comments or questions about this policy, feel free to [email](mailto:service@woolrich.com?subject=) us. 

If you would like to unsubscribe or change your preferences, please [click here](https://web.archive.org/woolrich/unsubscribe.jsp). 
