> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the louis.eu privacy policy that was archived on 2019-04-17. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20190417100353id_/https%3A//www.louis.eu/datenschutz) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Data Protection Declaration | Louis Motorcycle & Leisure

## 1\. General information

In the following sections we would like to fulfil our obligation to inform you about your rights and our handling of your data. The GDPR is legally binding from 25 May 2018 and stipulates in detail the information which must be made available to the customer or other relevant persons about the processing of their personal data. We are happy to comply with this legal obligation.

Where necessary, this information will be updated and published at [www.louis.eu/datenschutz](https://web.archive.org/datenschutz) and will be viewable there.

## 2\. Name and address of the data controller

The data controller for the collection, processing and use of your personal data within the meaning of the German Federal Data Protection Act (BDSG) is

Detlev Louis Motorrad-Vertriebsgesellschaft mbH  
Rungedamm 35  
21035 Hamburg  
Germany

Tel.: 040 - 734 193 60  
Fax: 040 - 734 193 47  
E-Mail: [info@louis.de](mailto:info@louis.de)

(hereinafter referred to as Louis).

## 3\. Contact details of the data protection officer

You can contact our data protection officer at: [datenschutz@louis.de](mailto:datenschutz@louis.de)  
We are advised and supported by Da.S Beratung - [www.das-beratung.de](https://www.das-beratung.de/). 

## 4\. Collection, processing and storage of data

Data protection is very important to us. Therefore, we comply strictly with the legal provisions when collecting, processing and using your personal data. In principle, we only process the data that we receive from you directly on the basis of our business relationship with you or for the purpose of initiating a business relationship with you. This occurs when you conclude a contract with us, request a quote, subscribe to our newsletter, create a customer account, take part in a competition, inform us about changes to your data, send us an enquiry or contact us with queries or complaints about an order. This data will only be used by our service providers in order to perform their tasks. Any other use of the information is not permitted and will not be carried out by any of the service providers entrusted by us.

If we collect data about you from third parties, this is expressly specified in the following descriptions of the processing procedures.

#### 4.1.1. Order

In the course of processing an order we collect and store the necessary personal data for the fulfilment of the contract concluded with you. This data is personal master data, such as: First name and last name, address, date of birth, telephone number. If you select purchase on account, a credit assessment is carried out.

We may forward the data required to process your order, including the data required for the billing our service providers, to companies cooperating with us for this purpose. These companies may be printing companies, logistics companies, e-mail service providers, product personalization service providers or external payment service providers. Naturally, all personal data is treated confidentially. We obtain information about your payment history and credit standing on the basis of mathematical/statistical methods using address data (scoring) from infoscore Consumer Data GmbH, Rheinstr. 99, 76532 Baden-Baden (for customers in Germany), CRIF GmbH, Diefenbachgasse 35, A-1150 Vienna (for customers in Austria), Experian Nederland BV, Kantoorgebouw´t Schip, Verheeskade 25, 2521 BE Den Haag (for customers in the Netherlands), CRIF AG, Hagenholzstr. 81, CH-8050 Zurich (for customers in Switzerland). All personal data is treated with the utmost confidentiality.

Purchase receipts are stored for accounting reasons in accordance with the statutory limitation period (6 or 10 years)

#### 4.2.1. Creation of a customer account and newsletter dispatch

When a customer account is created in our online shop you specify your email address, first and last name, address, telephone number and date of birth. We can use your personal data to contact you with regard to your account or your transactions with us. Your data will be stored in our customer database and erased at your request (see Point 9).

When you activate Newsletter Dispatch via our online shop, this takes place through the so-called "double opt-in" procedure. This means that before sending the first newsletter, we send you a confirmation email, in which you are asked once again whether you wish to receive our newsletter. When you confirm the contained link, we send you our newsletter. We use a German service provider to forward our newsletter. We use personal data relating to the use of the newsletter both for statistical purposes and for optimised addressing of the reader with regard to company-specific information, products and services as well as for advertising purposes. You can unsubscribe from the newsletter at any time free of charge by using the link provided at the end of each newsletter. You can also contact us by email or by post using the addresses specified under Point 9.

## 5\. Information on data services in the online shop

Log files are stored when you access our website. We do not attribute this data to any individual. We also do not combine this data with any other data sources, nor do we compare it. Anonymised data is used solely for the purposes of carrying out a statistical evaluation of your visit to our website. This data is erased after the statistical evaluation.

**Bing Ads:** This website uses Bing Ads from the Microsoft Corporation (Microsoft Corporation, One Microsoft Way, Redmond, WA 98052-6399, USA; “Microsoft”). Bing Ads uses "cookies", which are text files placed on your computer in order to analyse how you use the website. This cookie has limited validity and is not used for personal identification. When you visit specific pages on our website and the cookie has not yet expired, we and Microsoft can see that you have clicked on the ad and were directed to this site. The information that is gathered using the cookie is used for compiling sales statistics. We find out the total number of users that has clicked on one of our ads and been directed to a page with a conversion tracking tag. However, personal identification of these users is not possible. The processing is effected on the basis of Art. 6 (1) (f) GDPR with the legitimate interest in targeted advertising and the analysis of the impact and efficiency of this advertising. You have the right to object to this processing of your personal data based on Art. 6 (1) (f) GDPR at any time. You can prevent the cookies from being stored by selecting an appropriate setting of your browser software. However, we should point out that in this case, you may not be able to make full use of all of this website's functions. You will not as a result be included in the conversion tracking statistics. Bing is certified under the US-EU data protection “Privacy Shield” and is thereby committed to compliance with EU data protection regulations.  
Further information on data protection and the cookies used by Microsoft Bing can be found at: _<https://privacy.microsoft.com/en-gb/privacystatement>_

**Use of Facebook Custom Audiences pixels:** This website uses “Custom Audiences pixels” of Facebook Inc., 1601 S. California Ave, Palo Alto, CA 94304, USA (“Facebook”) to present interest-based ads to visitors to our website during their visit to Facebook. For this purpose, we have implemented a pixel of Facebook on our website, which establishes a direct connection to the Facebook servers when you visit our website. Information is sent to the Facebook server that you have visited our website and Facebook assigns this information to your personal Facebook user account. More information about Facebook’s collection and use of the data and your rights and options for protecting your privacy in this respect can be found in Facebook’s privacy notice at[ https://www.facebook.com/about/privacy/](https://www.facebook.com/about/privacy/) __. You can prevent recording by Custom Audiences pixels by clicking on the following link: _activate Facebook opt-out_

**Use of Facebook Remarketing** **:** This website uses the “Custom Audiences” remarketing function of Facebook Inc. (1601 S. California Ave, Palo Alto, CA 94304, USA; “Facebook”) to target visitors to our website with interest-based advertising in the Facebook social network. For this purpose, the Facebook remarketing tag is implemented on this website, via which a direct connection to the Facebook servers is established when you visit our website. This information is transmitted to the Facebook server that you have visited our website and Facebook assigns this information to your personal Facebook user account. When you visit the Facebook social network, personalised, interest-based Facebook ads are then displayed. The processing is carried out on the basis of Art. 6 (1) (f) GDPR with the legitimate interest in the above-mentioned purpose. You have the right to object to this processing of your personal data based on Art. 6 (1) (f) GDPR at any time. To do this, you can deactivate the “Custom Audiences” remarketing function [here](https://www.haendlerbund.de/). More information about Facebook's collection and use of the data and your rights and options for protecting your privacy in this respect can be found in Facebook's privacy policy at <https://www.facebook.com/about/privacy/>.

**Google Ads:** This website uses Google Ads, an online advertising programme provided by Google Inc. (“Google”). Google Ads is a conversion tracking tool that helps us to analyse visitor behaviour. As soon as you click on an ad inserted by Google, a cookie for conversion tracking is placed on your computer. These Cookies do not contain personal data and are therefore not used for personal identification. In addition, they only have a limited validity. If the cookie is active, we can see that you accessed our website via a Google ad. Each Google Ads customer receives a different cookie. Therefore, there is no chance that cookies can be tracked via the websites of Ads customers. The information that is gathered using the conversion cookie is used for compiling conversion statistics. In doing so, we find out the total number of users that has clicked on one of our ads and been directed to a page with a conversion tracking tag. However, we do not receive any information with which users can be personally identified. The processing is effected on the basis of Art. 6 (1) (f) GDPR with the legitimate interest in targeted advertising and the analysis of the impact and efficiency of this advertising.

**Remarketing or “similar target groups” function of Google Inc.:** This website uses the remarketing or “similar target groups” function of Google Inc. (1600 Amphitheatre Parkway, Mountain View, CA 94043, USA; “Google”). This function serves the purpose of analysing visitor behaviour and visitor interests. Google places cookies to analyse website use, which forms the basis for the creation of interest-based ads. With the help of these cookies, website visits and anonymised data on use of the website are recorded. No personal data of website visitors are stored.

If you visit another website in the Google Display Network afterwards, ads will be displayed that are highly likely to include previously accessed product and information areas. Your data may also be transmitted to the USA. An adequacy decision by the European Commission applies for data transfers to the USA. The processing is carried out on the basis of Art. 6 (1) (f) GDPR with the legitimate interest of targeting website visitors with advertising by placing personalised, interest-based ads for visitors to the provider's website when they visit other websites in the Google Display Network. You have the right to object to this processing of your personal data based on Art. 6 (1) (f) GDPR at any time. You can permanently deactivate the use of cookies by Google by following the link below and downloading and installing the provided plug-in: <https://support.google.com/ads/answer/7395996?hl=en-GB>

Alternatively, you can deactivate the use of cookies by third-party providers by calling up the deactivation site of the Network Advertising Initiative at: https://www.networkadvertising.org/choices/ and implementing the additional opt-out information provided. More detailed information on Google Remarketing and the relevant data protection declaration can be found on the following website: <https://www.google.com/privacy/ads/>

**Google Analytics:** This website uses Google Analytics, a web analysis service provided by Google Inc. ("Google"). Google Analytics uses "cookies", which are text files placed on your computer in order to analyse how you use the website. The information generated by the cookie about your use of this website is generally transmitted to a Google server in the United States and stored there. In the case that IP anonymisation is activated on this website, your IP address will be truncated within the area of Member States of the European Union or other parties to the Agreement on the European Economic Area. Only in exceptional cases will the full IP address be transmitted to a Google server in the USA and truncated there. On behalf of the operator of this website, Google will use this information to analyse how you utilise the website, in order to produce reports on the website activities and to provide the website operator with other services associated with website and internet use.

The IP address transmitted by your browser within the scope of Google Analytics will not be combined with any other Google data. You can prevent the cookies from being stored by selecting an appropriate setting of your browser software. However, we should point out that in this case, you may not be able to make full use of all of this website's functions. You can also block the transfer of data generated by the cookie with regard to your utilisation of the website (incl. your IP address) to Google, and the processing of this data by Google, by downloading and installing the browser plugin available via the following link <https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout?hl=en>. 

You can block the transfer of data to Google Analytics by clicking on the following link. An opt-out cookie will be set on the computer, which prevents the future collection of your data when visiting this website: Disable Google Analytics

For reasons of transparency please note that we use the Google Tag Manager. This Manager does not record personal data. The Tag Manager rather makes it easier for us to integrate and manage our tags. Tags are small code elements which are used, among other things, to measure traffic and visitor behaviour, record the impact of online advertising and social channels, set up remarketing and alignment with target groups or test or optimize websites. For further information on the Google Tag Manager see _<https://www.google.com/intl/en-gb/tagmanager/use-policy.html>._

**Google Maps** : We integrate maps of the service "Google Maps" of the third party provider Google Inc., 1600 Amphitheatre Parkway, Mountain View, CA 94043, USA, in order to be able to offer you the "branch finder" function. In the Google Maps variant used by us, no personal data, except the IP address and the postal code or city, is transmitted to Google. The Detlev Louis Motorrad-Vertriebsgesellschaft mbH has no influence on this data transfer. The use of Google Maps takes place in the interest of an appealing presentation of our online offers and an easy retrievability of the branch locations displayed by us in the online shop. This constitutes a legitimate interest within the meaning of Art. 6 Para. 1 lit. f DSGVO.

You can find more information on the handling of user data in Google's data protection declaration: [https://policies.google.com/privacy?hl=en&gl=en](https://policies.google.com/privacy?hl=en&gl=en).

**RichRelevance®:** In order to optimise our website and make it as user-friendly as possible, we collect and store anonymised data using solutions and technologies from RichRelevance®. From this data we create website user profiles to which pseudonyms are applied. This anonymised analysis of your website use reflects the products which have been of interest to you in the past. For this purpose cookies are used which allow an Internet browser to be recognised. The data collected is not used without your consent to personally identify you, and is not collated with personal details concerning the bearer of the pseudonym. You have the right to refuse permission at any time for this data collection and storage in future via the following link: [Opt-out](https://web.archive.org/service/louis/agb/richrelevance).

RichRelevance® complies with the German Federal Data Protection Act (BDSG) when collecting and storing data, and its data protection system is certified by the TÜV Saarland technical inspectorate in accordance with the V4.5 data protection requirements catalogue and the ISO/IEC 27000 international standard for information security management systems.

**ChannelPilot** : The online marketing tool from Channel Pilot Solutions GmbH is used to measure sales via online marketing channels. Use takes place on the basis of Art. 6 (1) Sentence 1 (f) of the EU General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR). ChannelPilot uses "cookies", which are text files placed on your computer in order to analyse how you use the website. The information generated by the cookie about your usage of the website such as

  * browser type/version,
  * referrer URL (previously visited site),
  * host name of accessing computer (IP address),
  * time of server request



is usually transmitted to a ChannelPilot server in Germany and stored there. The IP address transmitted by your browser within the scope of ChannelPilot will not be combined with any other ChannelPilot data. Moreover, the IP address is only stored temporarily by ChannelPilot for a short time (maximum 24 hours as a rule) and thereafter disguised. The temporary storage is carried out without exception to identify possible click fraud (bot detection).

On behalf of the operator of this website, ChannelPilot will use this information to evaluate the performance of connected online marketing channels such as idealo.de or Google Shopping. You can prevent the cookies from being stored by selecting an appropriate setting of your browser software. However, we should point out that in this case, you may not be able to make full use of all of this website's functions. You can also block the transfer of data generated by the cookie with regard to your utilisation of the website (incl. your IP address) to ChannelPilot, and the processing of this data by ChannelPilot, by using the available opt-out option under the following link: [www.channelpilot.co.uk/optout](https://www.channelpilot.co.uk/optout). An opt-out cookie will be set on the computer, which prevents the future collection of your data when visiting this website: The opt-out cookie only applies in the last used browser. If you delete the cookies in this browser, you have to reset the opt-out cookie.

You will find more information on data protection in connection with ChannelPilot at [www.channelpilot.co.uk/privacy-policy](https://www.channelpilot.co.uk/privacy-policy).

**Integration of the Trusted Shops Trust Badge:** In order to display our Trusted Shops quality mark, the Trusted Shops Trust Badge is incorporated into the web page following an order. Trusted Shops products and any reviews collected are also displayed.

In balancing the various interests, this serves to safeguard our legitimate prevailing interests in the optimised marketing of our products. The trust badge and the services advertised are a product of Trusted Shops GmbH, Subbelrather Strasse 15C, 50823 Cologne, Germany.

Whenever a trust badge is called up, the web server automatically stores a so-called server log file which contains, for example, your IP address, the date and time of retrieval, the data volume transferred and the requesting provider (access data), and documents the retrieval. This access data will not be evaluated and will be automatically overwritten at the latest seven days after your visit to the website.

Other personal information will only be transferred to Trusted Shops if you decide, after completing an order, to use Trusted Shops products or have already registered for their use. In this case, the contractual agreement between you and Trusted Shops applies.

**YouTube** : This website uses the YouTube LLC function to embed YouTube videos. YouTube is an affiliated company of Google Inc. To display the embedded YouTube videos in an iFrame on our website, the “extended data protection mode” is activated. YouTube does not store any information about visitors to the website. As soon as you watch a video on our website, information is transmitted to and stored on YouTube. More information about the collection and use of data by YouTube and Google and your rights and options for protecting your privacy in this respect can be found in YouTube’s Privacy Policy: [https://www.youtube.com/t/privacy.](https://www.youtube.com/t/privacy)

**Social plug-ins:** In order to protect your data, we use a technical solution that ensures that data transfer via social plug-ins to the respective operator of the social network is not done without prior activation by you. In the outgoing status of our website, the integrated social plug-ins are deactivated, meaning that without activation no connection can be established with the servers of the operators of the social networks. If you activate the social plug-ins by selecting a social network button at the end of a website, you agree to your data being transmitted to the social networks. By logging out beforehand from social network sites as well as by deleting cookies already set, you can prevent social networks from assigning the information collected about you during your visit to our website to your user account at the respective social network. If you do not wish your collected data to be assigned to your profile on the respective social network, then you will have to log out of the social network before visiting our website. You can also completely prevent the plug-ins from being loaded by using add-ons for your browser, e.g. with the “NoScript” script blocker available at: [noscript.net](https://noscript.net/).

This website uses social plug-ins from the following social media operators: 
