> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the comcast.net privacy policy that was archived on 2002-12-03. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20021203011520id_/http%3A//www.comcast.net/privacy/index.jsp) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Welcome to Comcast High-Speed Internet!

Collection and Use of Information  
Comcast will use basic customer information from you to provide the Service. When you sign up for the Service, you are required to provide your name, address, telephone number and appropriate billing information. That information is available only to authorized Comcast personnel for installing, maintaining, and billing you for the Service. 

Comcast will use information that you give us to offer a more customized online experience. For example, if you change your personal setting for the Service we can deliver local weather information on the home page as well as a home page of localized news or content tailored to interests that you specify. 

Comcast will use information you provide to Comcast's support software to assist you with technical support for your use of the Service. When you use the Comcast supplied support software on your desktop and forward a request for assistance or choose to chat with a technical support representative, the support software will record certain information relating to your request and interaction. You have the choice to provide any information to the support software or a support representative, and you have the ability to confirm your decision before you send any information to our systems. The information collected by the support software is limited to the hardware and software configurations of your computer system and to any email you send or discussion you type during a live support session. This information is available only to authorized Comcast personnel for maintaining and supporting your use of the Service. Comcast also provides customer contact and support pages on the Service that you can use to communicate with us about technical support. Comcast will use the information you provide to us on these pages to support your use of the Service. 

Comcast or third party content and commerce providers may send promotional email messages to specific groups of people based on our database of customer information (for example, customers living in a specific geographic area). However, when sending messages tailored to a specific group, the actual names and personal information about individual customers is not disclosed. While Comcast reserves the right to send out administrative mailings to all its customers (for example, changes in pricing or operating policies), you can advise us that you don't want to receive promotional mailings and we will honor that request. Call 1-800-COMCAST to let us know that you don't want to receive promotional mailings. 

Comcast or third party content and commerce providers may collect and use billing and shipping information when you purchase goods online. Billing and shipping information may include your name, email address, shipping address, and credit card information. This information is necessary to deliver the service or product to you. When you use a credit card, the basic payment information is transmitted to the appropriate financial institution for purposes of processing the transaction. If you are concerned about the reputation and trustworthiness of any third party content or commerce provider, we encourage you to check their privacy policies. 

Comcast or third party content and commerce providers may use personal information if you participate in a contest. If you enter a contest, you may be required to provide information about how we can contact you. This information will be used to contact you if you win the contest, and aggregate information may be used for marketing or research purposes. However, like other information you provide to Comcast, personal details about you will not be shared with others or used to send you promotional email messages if you indicate you do not wish to receive them. 

Comcast may share aggregate information such as the number of customers who match certain statistical profiles (e.g., the number of customers in various parts of the country). Comcast may from time to time share such aggregate information, or create reports for our advertisers based on aggregate information we collect, but we will not provide them with personal information unless we have received your consent first. 

While it is our general policy to refuse to make personal information about you available to government entities in the absence of a legal requirement to do so, Comcast will release personal information if required to do so by a valid law enforcement request. Where we have a legal requirement to disclose personal information, we will notify you before providing the requested information if we are required to do so by law. 

Comcast may also release personal information in accordance with our Acceptable Use Policy. 

What Comcast will not do with information about you   
Comcast will not share personal information with advertisers, content providers, other providers of unrelated services or other outsiders without your consent, unless we are required to do so in accordance with applicable law. 

Comcast will not read your outgoing or incoming e-mail, private chat or instant messages. We do store e-mail messages on our computer systems for a brief period of time and could be required to disclose the messages along with personal information to comply with a valid law enforcement request or if we believe that a state of emergency exists where it is necessary to disclose this information to protect Comcast's property or an individual's safety or security. 

Comcast will not send promotional email messages to you if you ask us not to do so. We do send promotional messages to our customers from time to time. However, we will stop sending you such messages if you advise us that you no longer wish to receive them. Go to the Member Services page on the Service and change your user profile from the account management page. 

Comcast will not share personal information about where you go on the Service or on the Web. We do, however, review this information in aggregate form to better understand how the Service is being used and to help us determine the popularity of our various Service features. 

Comcast will not record any information that you provide to any Web site other than ones operated by Comcast. However, Comcast's Privacy Policy does not apply to Web sites operated by persons or organizations other than Comcast. You should review the privacy policy of the Web sites you visit to learn how they treat your personal information. 

Consistent with the Federal Children's Online Privacy Protection Act of 1998 ("COPPA"), Comcast will not knowingly collect personal information from children under the age of thirteen without first obtaining parental consent. Children should always get permission from their parents before sending any information about themselves (such as their names, e-mail addresses, and telephone numbers) over the Internet, to us or to anyone else. If applicable, Comcast will implement all of the applicable requirements of COPPA, including these related to parental notice, consent and access, in connection with the collection or use of personal information about children under the age of thirteen.

| What information is stored in "Cookies"?   
Cookies are small files stored on your computer's hard drive to simplify and improve your Web navigation experience. A Web site may store information about your computer configuration so that it can more efficiently provide information to you the next time you visit. Or, your browser might save a text file with your user name and password so that a Web site's server will recognize you the next time you access the site. This allows you to return to a site without having to log on each time you visit it. 

Comcast uses cookie files to remember your username and password, if you choose to store them, from the home page of the Service at Comcast.net. Comcast also uses cookie files to determine when your current session on the Service's Web site should be logged out after a period of no activity, as well as for efficient management of the servers providing our Web site including when you access the My Web Page and My File Locker services. Aside from this information Comcast does not store your name or other personal information in cookie files. 

We use a third-party advertising company, DoubleClick, to serve certain ads when you visit our Web site. This company may use information (not including your name, address, email address or telephone number) about your visit to this Web site in order to provide advertisements about goods and services that may be of interest to you. In the course of serving advertisements to this site, our third-party advertiser may place or recognize a unique "cookie" on your browser. If you would like more information about this practice and to know your choices about not having this information used by this company, please [click here](http://www.doubleclick.com/us/corporate/privacy/privacy/default.asp?asp_object_1=&).Some of our business relationships are with vendors who may use cookies themselves (for example, search engines) or in connection with their own advertisers and other business partners. However, we have no access to or control over these cookies. For more information about how these vendors and their business partners use cookies, and how you may be able to "opt-out," please visit the privacy policy that applies to each vendor's Web site.This Privacy Policy covers the use of cookies by Comcast on the Comcast.net Web site only and does not cover the use of cookies by any other party or Web site unless stated otherwise.
