> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the comixology.com privacy policy that was archived on 2013-05-29. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20130529052946id_/http%3A//www.comixology.com/privacy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy Policy - Comics by comiXology

Effective Date: December 17, 2012

## comiXology User Privacy Policy  
For Web Services and Applications

At comiXology, we respect your privacy. We endeavor to make our policies for the collection and use of information relating to you and others who use our services understandable and fair. This Privacy Policy (this “Policy”) describes the information we collect, how we use that information, the purposes for which we share such information with others, and how you can contact us to ask any questions or express any concerns you may have about our privacy practices or information that you have provided.

This Policy applies to information collected by the “Comics” application for mobile and tablet devices, laptops, and desktops (the “App”) and the comiXology websites ([www.comixology.com](http://www.comixology.com/) and [pullist.comixology.com](http://pullist.comixology.com/)) (collectively, the “Site”). We may refer to the App and the Site collectively as our “Service.” We refer to the comic books and other literature offered through our service as “Content.”

This Policy does not cover the collection and use of your personal data on other applications, websites, or services, or by our business partners, or any other information or communications that may relate to comiXology outside of the App and the Site.

The company that operates under the comiXology brand and provides the Service is Iconology, Inc. (the “Company”), 512 7th Avenue, 12th Fl, New York, NY 10018 (USA). You can contact us by email at [support@comixology.com](mailto:support@comixology.com). We may also refer to the Company by words such as “we” or “us.”

### 1\. Information We Collect and How We Use It

We collect information that you input into our Service and data generated by your use of our Service. We describe these two types of information below and explain how, alone or in combination with other data we collect, we use them.

### 1.1 Information You Input

You may input information to make use of certain features of our Service. For example, when you create an account with us you will enter information about yourself such as username, email address, and other relevant information we request, when you use the search features on our Service you enter the terms you wish to search for, and the “Buy in Print” feature on the App allows you to enter your zip code to obtain information about nearby comic book stores. You enter your credit card information to purchase Content through your account with us. Such credit card information (including account numbers, expiration dates, and security codes) is transferred to a third-party provider of card services and is not retained by us (see the information in section 2 regarding third parties providing services).

When you purchase Content offered in the App using your account with a third party app store we do not collect the credit card information that you use for such purchases, and we are not responsible for the policies and practices of such app stores.

We use your account with us to allow Content that you have purchased or downloaded while logged in on one device to be accessible on all devices through which you access our Service while logged into your account. We may use your search terms to recommend to you Content that we think might interest you. We may use your email address to let you know about products, services, events, or issues relating to the world of comic books and other literature that might interest you. You may opt out of receiving such emails through a link in such emails or by notifying us at [support@comixology.com](mailto:support@comixology.com). Whether or not you opt out of such emails, we may use your email address to provide information to you regarding your purchases and downloads including any enhanced features that may be made available, changes to our terms of use or policies, service or operational matters, or other matters as permitted by applicable law.

### 1.2 Information We Collect Automatically

Your use of our Service generates information that the Company collects automatically. This section summarizes the important types of information that we may collect.

#### Hardware, Software, and Network Data

We may collect information about the type and version of the device you use to access our Service, operating system, IP address assigned to the device by the third party providing Internet access to the device, unique device identifiers, and mobile network information, including mobile phone number. When you first access our App after downloading it from a third party App store, the App will give us information about the device you are using, and we may generate a unique identification number that we will associate with the device.

This information and any identification number we generate will, in the case of our App, enable us to provide to your device Content properly configured for that device, and to keep a record of the Content that you purchase or download. If you choose to create an account with us, that record will enable you to access all Content you purchase or download while logged in on any one device on all devices through which you access our Service while logged into your account.

We may use IP addresses to determine what State or Country the device is in. We may use that data to comply with various legal obligations, such as geographic restrictions on the distribution of certain Content and payment of taxes, to display geographically appropriate Content, policies, notices, and advertisements, and to better understand the geographic distribution of our customers. If required to meet our legal obligations, such as payment of taxes, we may use such data to obtain more specific information about the locations from which our services are used.

If you use the “Buy in Print” feature of the App, the App will ask if we may determine your location. If you consent, and if any required location services on your device are enabled, we will use data from your device to determine your approximate location and provide information about nearby comic book stores.

#### Content Selection

We may collect information about the Content that you purchase, place in your cart without purchasing, or search for or browse. We may use that information to recommend to you Content that we believe might interest you.

#### Tracking Technologies Including Cookies

We use, and allow third parties to use, various technologies (“Tracking Technologies”) that enable tracking and collection of information about your activity on our Service or on other Company or third party services. This may include information about whether you accessed our Service, what pages or views you accessed, how long you stayed on each page or view, what Content you browsed, placed in your cart, downloaded, or purchased, as well as the hardware, software, and network data discussed in the preceding section. All of these technologies collect information concerning the activity of a computer or other device without regard to the identity of the person using the device.

* Cookies: Cookies are small pieces of information that a website places on a computer. Cookies can be used to recognize a return visitor and collect and store information about that visitor’s prior activity on the Site.

* Pixel Tags: Pixel tags, also referred to as web beacons, are pieces of data embedded in an image on a website or email that allow for tracking of your activity on a website or your actions with regard to an email, such as whether you opened the email or accessed a link within the email.

* Server Logs: Server logs, located on the server providing a website, contain records of a user’s activity on a website, including information about any links the user clicked on while on the site and information about the website the user came from.

* Anonymous Identifiers: Anonymous identifiers are text strings that function like cookies, but are used on mobile devices or other platforms that do not accommodate cookies.

* Internal Tracking Identifiers: Internal tracking identifiers are text strings embedded in web addresses (including links in emails) used to track activity on websites.

We, or third parties with our permission, may use Tracking Technologies in the following ways:

* To manage our business and improve our Service based on factors such as how many users visit or use our Service, what pages and views are accessed, whether visitors are new or repeat visitors, which features and Content of our Service most interest our visitors, and how our Service performs from a technical point of view (such as the speed with which content loads and the incidence of technical problems).

* To provide personalized recommendations, Content, advertising, marketing emails, and guidance on Service features based on your activity on our Service, such as prior purchases, abandoned shopping cart selections, and browsing activities.

* To remember actions you took to avoid asking you to repeat them during a session or to provide features such as enabling you to bookmark, or resume reading at the last page you accessed, synchronized across devices.

* To enable us or third party advertising companies to collect and store information regarding your activity on the App, the Site, our other services, or third party services to provide you with advertisements tailored to your inferred interests or to measure the effectiveness of marketing campaigns. The third party advertising companies may serve advertisements for us or for other companies on the App, the Site, our other services, or on third party services.

* To measure and analyze activity on the App, the Site, our other services, and third party services. In addition to the uses outlined above, we or any provider of such measurement and analytical services may provide analyses of aggregate, non-personally identifiable data to third parties.

Generally, Internet browsers contain controls for managing cookies. Those controls may enable you to delete cookies or to accept or reject certain categories of cookies. You may be able to manage other (non-cookie) tracking technologies through the websites of the firms that provide such technologies. You should consult the “Help” section of your browser or the website of your hardware, software, or operating system providers for further information.

#### Remarketing

We may use Google remarketing services, which allow Google to serve advertisements to you on our behalf based on your activity on our Site. This involves placing on our Site pages a small piece of code provided by Google. This code enables Google to place a cookie on your computer that tells Google about your visit to our Site and allows Google to recognize you and display relevant advertisements when you visit other websites within the Google Display Network. We may also use similar remarketing services from other companies.

#### Opting Out of Third Party Personalized Advertising

You may be able to opt-out of receiving personalized online advertisements from advertisers or advertising networks who are members of the Network Advertising Initiative or who subscribe to the Digital Advertising Alliance’s Self-Regulatory Principles for Online Behavioral Advertising by visiting the opt-out sections on the websites of each of those organizations. Links to those sites are here:   
<http://www.networkadvertising.org/choices/>  
<http://www.aboutads.info/choices/>

### 2\. Information We Share

We may share your information with the following, or under any of the following circumstances:

Our corporate affiliates such as a corporate subsidiary.

* Our business partners, if through our Service or their services you have requested a product or service that requires us to share the data. If you use your comiXology log-in to access the digital store of, to use “pull list” or other services relating to, or opt-in to receiving information about, our retail affiliates, we may provide your email address and other account information to the relevant affiliates, and they may use that address to send you marketing emails subject to applicable law and their own privacy policies and terms of use.

* Our current or prospective business partners, including publishers who provide content for any of our services, who have a need to understand the nature and operation of our business, such as sales and usage trends. Information provided in this respect is aggregated and not personally identifiable.

* Publishers or other business partners for whom we provide technology or management services for digital stores operated under their own brands. If you use your account credentials to log into such branded stores, we will provide your account email address to such partners and they may use that address to send you marketing emails and other information subject to applicable law and their own privacy policies and terms of use.

* Third parties we have retained to perform services on our behalf, such as Content hosting and delivery, data analytics, marketing and advertising, and payment services.

* In connection with a business transaction involving transfer of our Company or a business of ours, information relating to customers typically would be included in the assets transferred.

* If you consent.

* For the following reasons relating to legal matters or corporate responsibility based on our good faith assessment of the appropriate course under the circumstances: (a) as required by legal process or any law to which we are subject, (b) in response to a request by a court, law enforcement authority, or government agency or official that we believe would have the power to compel compliance if we refuse, (c) to protect our rights under our contracts, terms of service, and end user license agreements, and to otherwise protect our rights, (d) to protect the rights or welfare of others, including our employees and owners of copyright or other intellectual property in Content, (e) to prevent or mitigate physical harm to person or property or financial loss, (f) to assess or mitigate credit risk, and (g) to conduct any investigation relating to the foregoing.

### 3\. Geography

We are based in the United States (“U.S.”). Any data collected in connection with our Service may be transferred to, processed, and stored within the U.S. or other countries in which we do business or our service providers transfer, process, or store data.

### 4\. Children Under 13

We do not knowingly collect personal information from children under 13. Any parent or guardian who believes that a child may have provided personal information to us without the knowledge of that parent or guardian should contact us at [support@comixology.com](mailto:support@comixology.com).

### 5\. Data Security

The security of information relating to our customers is very important to us. We use reasonable methods to protect that information, and review and adjust those methods as appropriate. We use Secure Sockets Layer encryption for the transmission of account registration and payment data, and in other instances where appropriate. You should understand that no feasible system of data security is invulnerable.

### 6\. Links to Other Websites

We may provide links to various third party websites. Those sites are not under our control. Those sites may have their own privacy policies, which we strongly suggest you review if you visit them. We are not responsible for those third party privacy policies or the related data processing practices.

### 7\. Changes to this Policy

We may change this Policy at any time and without prior notice to you. If the changes are substantive, we will notify you by posting or displaying a notice on our Service, by email, or by any other method we choose in our discretion. To view notices on our App, you may need to download the updated App as made available from time to time on the applicable app store. Changes are effective when the revised Policy is made available on our Service or through any other method we choose in our discretion, or at such later date as may be stated in the notice of change or revised Policy. Your use of the Service after a change is effective will be governed by the Policy as changed. The Policy in effect at any time governs our use of all information in our possession at that time. However, if we change the Policy in a way that materially reduces the protections afforded information collected prior to the change, we will not apply that change to that previously collected information without the consent of the affected customers. Please review this Policy from time to time so that you are aware of any changes. We will indicate above the effective date of this Policy.
