> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the commissionriver.com privacy policy that was archived on 2009-12-30. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20091230034947id_/http%3A//www.commissionriver.com/privacy.html) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Commission River Privacy Policy

CommissionRiver.com is a web site that is owned and operated by Commission River, Inc. and owned subsidiary of [Bayhill Capital](http://www.bayhillcapital.com/) OTC BB: BHYL

Our mailing address is:  
12401 South 450 East, Suite D1  
Draper, UT 84062

##### Privacy

Commission River, Inc. ("CommissionRiver.com" or "we" or "us") uses this web site to run an affiliate marketing network over the World Wide Web (the "Web"). Even though Many portions of this web site are accessible and viewable by the general public, not all visitors may use our program. Each Commission River program is available for use only by persons or entities that join the network as either an "Affiliate" (Publisher), an "Advertiser" (Vendor), or "Strategic Partner" (Private Labeled Licensee). 

##### Information About Affiliates

When we receive a request to become a Commission River affiliate, that information is not shared with any third party for any reason. That information is used strictly for login security (when the affiliate accesses their password protected back office), tracking the sign up of new customers, and for payment of commissions. All affiliates have the ability to apply for all advertising programs offered without their individual information being shared in any way with our advertising partners.

##### Information About Advertisers

Commission River advertisers are required to submit their contact and billing information to us when they apply to become listed in our program. Once approved, the Commission River team will build their products and/or services into our program and make them available to the community of affiliates. Commission River sends all new customer information (generated by affiliate traffic) directly to these advertisers for provisioning. Once the transaction in complete, the advertiser will pay Commission River for the sale. Commission River, in turn, pays the affiliate. The customer's private information never leaves this information loop.

##### Changes to Our Privacy Policy

Commission River reserves the right to modify or replace this Privacy Policy at any time without prior notice to or the consent of any person. Any changes or replacement will be posted on this site.

##### Questions and Comments About Our Privacy Policy

Persons already enrolled as an Advertiser in one of our Programs who have questions or comments about this Privacy Policy or the relevant provisions of their Advertiser Agreements should contact the Director of Commission River, Robert Probst using the "Contact Us" link.
