> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the communityos.org privacy policy that was archived on 2018-02-28. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20180228165005id_/http%3A//www.visionlink.org/visionlink-privacy-policy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy Policy | VisionLink.org

**Privacy Policy**

It is the policy of VisionLink to respect the privacy of individuals who visit the web site and provide comments to us.  We collect addresses, names and other identifying and contact information from users of the Site in order to provide the Service and correspond with customers about any questions relating to the Service.  Occasionally we may use this information to send users information about the Services. 

We may also collect identifying information about you through a log of all traffic on our web site and aggregate that information into site functionality data.  Our purpose for collecting the information is to analyze the use of our web site and improve its format and functionality. We may on occasion provide aggregate demographical information about web site users or purchasers to third parties, such as suppliers or advertisers, but currently such information does not identify specific individuals. 

We do not currently use any personally identifiable information for any purpose other than those we have described here and in our Terms of Use. In addition, VisionLink does reserve the right to provide user information to third parties when required to comply with U.S. law or legal procedure, to protect VisionLink or its users’ rights or property and in emergency situations if physical safety or health is at issue.  Registration data and certain other information about you is subject to our Privacy Policy. 

If you are located in the European Union or elsewhere outside of the United States, your use of this Site is at your own risk and initiative and you, not us, are responsible for compliance with any applicable local and national laws. By using this Site, participating in any Site activities, and/or providing us with your personal information, you (i) consent to the transfers and processing of any information you provide to the Site; (ii) acknowledge that U.S. law provides a lower standard of protection for personal data than the laws of various countries including, but not limited to, the European Union; and (iii) understand that this Site will deal with your information in accordance with our Privacy Policy and U.S. law. Consequently, you hereby waive any claims that may arise under the laws and regulations that apply to you in any other country or jurisdiction.
