> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the comparaboo.com privacy policy that was archived on 2018-07-02. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20180702073814id_/https%3A//www.comparaboo.com/privacy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# The Privacy Policy - Comparaboo

**PRIVACY POLICY**

IMPORTANT: BY USING ROUNDFOREST LTD.'S (" **COMPANY** " OR " **WE** ") SERVICES, INCLUDING WITHOUT LIMITATION ANY OF ITS APPLICATIONS OR WEBSITES (THE " **SERVICES** ") YOU CONSENT TO THE TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THIS PRIVACY POLICY AND CONSENT THAT ALL PERSONALLY IDENTIFIABLE INFORMATION (" **PII** ") THAT YOU SUBMIT OR THAT IS PROCESSED OR COLLECTED THROUGH THE SERVICES MAY BE PROCESSED BY THE COMPANY IN THE MANNER AND FOR THE PURPOSES DESCRIBED IN THE FOLLOWING PRIVACY POLICY.IF YOU DO NOT AGREE TO THE TERMS AND CONDITIONS SET FORTH HEREIN PLEASE DO NOT USE THE SERVICES. 

We recognize that privacy is important. This policy applies to all of the software, services, information, tools, features and functionality available on the Services offered by the Company or its subsidiaries or affiliated companies and covers how PII that the Company collects and receives, including in respect of any use of the Services, is treated. If you have any questions about this policy, please feel free to contact us using the contact details published on our Services. 

  * **1\. Information We Collect and How We Use It.** In order to provide and improve our Services, we may collect PII, including the following types of information:
    * **1.1. Information You Provide.**  For some features of the Services we ask you for personal information, including: name, photo, email address, physical address, phone number, your social network or third party service provider user ID through which you accessed or registered to the Services (e. g. Facebook ID, hereinafter, " **Third Party Platforms** "). 
    * **1.2. Third Parties.** We sometimes supplement the information that you provide with information that is received from third parties. If you access the Services through any Third Party Platforms, or interact with any Third Party Platforms or other social media plug-in in the Services (such as a Facebook "Like" button) we may receive information from your respective social media or Third Party Platforms account, including your account information, photo and any information defined as public pursuant to the policies of such Third Party Platforms and/your settings in the respective Third Party Platform. 
    * **1.3. User Communications.**  When you send email or other communication to the Company, we may retain those communications in order to process your inquiries, respond to your requests and improve our Services. We may send you push notifications to send you news and updates in respect of the Services. We may also send you newsletters and promotional communications, you may opt-out of this service at any time by submitting a request at the following link _[this feature is not yet live, will be updated]_. 
    * **1.4. Aggregated Personal Data.** In an ongoing effort to better understand and serve the users of the Services, Company often conducts research on its customer demographics, interests and behavior based on the PII and other information provided to us. This research may be compiled and analyzed on an aggregate basis, and Company may share this aggregate data with its affiliates, agents and business partners. This aggregate information does not identify you personally. Company may also disclose aggregated user statistics in order to describe our services to current and prospective business partners, and to other third parties for other lawful purposes. 
    * **1.5. User Information.** When you use our Services, we may automatically receive and record information from your device and browser, including your IP address, IDFA identifiers (for iOS devices), Identifier for Advertising (for iOS devices) and Google Advertiser IDs (for Android devices) (such identifiers are collected herein for the following purposes, among other things: frequency capping, attribution, conversion events, estimating the number of unique users, advertising fraud detection, and debugging) cookie information, search history, device ID, Android ID, your regional and language settings, the physical location of your device (if you have permitted your mobile or other location-aware device to transmit location data), network status (WiFi/3G), and software and hardware attributes. We may use your location (city) (if you have permitted your mobile or other location-aware device to transmit location data) to learn how to adjust and personalize your use of the Services. Our systems may automatically record and store technical information regarding the method and nature of your use of the Services, including without limitation which pages of the Services our visitors view and impressions.  An IP address is a numeric code that identifies your device on a network, or in this case, the Internet. Your IP address is also used to gather broad demographic information. The Company uses all of the PII that we collect to understand the usage trends and preferences of our users. We also use aggregate data for monetization. 
  * **2\. Cookies; web beacons and third party processors.**  In order to collect the data described herein we may use temporary cookies that remain on your device for a limited period of time. We may also use persistent cookies that remain on your device until manually removed in the settings of your device/browser, in order to manage and maintain the services and record your use of the Services. Cookies by themselves cannot be used to discover the identity of the user. A cookie is a small piece of information which is sent to and stored on your device. Cookies do not damage your device. Most browsers or devices may allow you to block cookies block cookies but you may not be able to use some features on the Services if you block them. You may set most browsers to notify you if you receive a cookie (this enables you to decide if you want to accept it or not). We may also use web beacons via the Services to collect information. Web beacons or "gifs", are electronic images that may be used in our Services or in our emails. We use Web beacons to deliver cookies, count visits and to tell if and when an email has been opened and acted upon. 

We also use third party tracking technologies (including technologies of Rakuten Marketing LLC, Amazon Services LLC and eBay Partner Networks Inc.'s), such as cookies and web beacons and various third party providers to process and analyze your PII, profile end user activities and provide targeted ads, including without limitation tracking your use of the Services and third party services and sites. To learn more about interest based ads and for certain opt-out options see www.aboutads.info/choices. 

Roundforest Ltd. is a participant in the Amazon Services LLC Associates Program, an affiliate advertising program designed to provide a means for sites to earn advertising fees by advertising and linking to www.amazon.com. 

  * **3\. Links.**  Links to other services, sites and applications may be provided by the Company as a convenience to our users. The Company is not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of other sites and applications and you visit them at your own risk. This privacy statement applies solely to PII collected by us. 
  * **4\. Children.**  If you are a child under the age of 14, you must obtain parental consent prior to using our Services. The Company will not knowingly contact or engage with children under the age of 14 without said parental consent. If you have reason to believe that a child has provided us with their PII, please contact us at the address given above and we will endeavor to delete that PII from our databases. 
  * **5\. Information Sharing.** As part of providing the Services and/or generating and processing analytics, our affiliates, agents representatives and third party providers may have access to your PII. The Company may also share PII in the following circumstances: (a) as required for the provision, maintenance and improvement of the Services; (b) if we become involved in a reorganization, merger, consolidation, acquisition, or any form of sale of some or all of our assets; and/or (c) to satisfy applicable law or prevention of fraud or harm or to enforce applicable agreements and/or their terms, including investigation of potential violations thereof. 
  * **6\. Information Security.** We follow generally accepted industry standards to protect against unauthorized access to or unauthorized alteration, disclosure or destruction of PII. However, no method of transmission over the Internet, or method of electronic storage, is 100% secure. Therefore, while we strive to use commercially acceptable means to protect your PII, we cannot guarantee its absolute security. We keep your PII only for as long as reasonably necessary for the purposes for which it was collected or to comply with any applicable legal or ethical reporting or document retention requirements. 
  * **7\. Data Integrity, Accessing and Updating Personal Information.** The Company processes PII only for the purposes for which it was collected and in accordance with this policy or any applicable service agreements. We review our data collection, storage and processing practices to ensure that we only collect, store and process the PII needed to provide or improve our Services. We take reasonable steps to ensure that the PII we process is accurate, complete, and current, but we depend on our users to update or correct their PII whenever necessary. Nothing in this policy is interpreted as an obligation to store information, and we may, at our own discretion, delete or avoid from recording and storing any and all information. 

Upon receipt of your written request and enough information to permit us to identify your PII, we will disclose to you the PII we hold about you. Upon your request, we will also correct, amend or delete any PII that is inaccurate. We do not charge for complying with a correction request, however, for all other requests, we may charge a small fee to cover its costs. Requests to delete PII are subject to any applicable legal and ethical reporting or document retention obligations imposed on the Company. We may decline to process requests that are unreasonably repetitive or systematic, require disproportionate technical effort, jeopardize the privacy of others, or would be extremely impractical, or for which access is not otherwise required. 

  * **8\. Enforcement.** The Company regularly reviews its compliance with this policy. Please feel free to direct any questions or concerns regarding this policy or our treatment of PII by contacting us as provided above. When we receive formal written complaints it is the Company's policy to contact the complaining user regarding his or her concerns. We will cooperate with the appropriate regulatory authorities, including local data protection authorities, to resolve any complaints regarding the transfer of PII that cannot be resolved between the Company and an individual. 
  * **9\. Changes to This Privacy Policy.** The Company may update this policy. We will notify you about significant changes in the way we treat PII by sending a notice to the primary email address specified in your account or by placing a prominent notice on the Services. We encourage you to periodically review this policy for the latest information about our privacy practices. 
  * **10\. Consent To Processing.** By providing any PII to us pursuant to this policy, all users, including, without limitation, users in the United States, Israel and member states of the European Union, fully understand and unambiguously consent to this policy and to the collection and processing of such PII abroad. The server on which the Services are hosted and/or through which the Services are processed may be outside the country from which you access the Services and may be outside your country of residence. Some of the uses and disclosures mentioned in this policy may involve the transfer of your PII to various countries around the world that may have different levels of privacy protection than your country. By submitting your PII through the Services, you consent, acknowledge, and agree that we may collect, use, transfer, and disclose your PII as described in this policy. If you do not consent to the terms of this policy, please do not use the Services. 
  * **11\. Questions.** If you have any questions about this policy or concerns about the way we process your PII, please contact us using the contact details published on our Services. If you wish to delete all information regarding your use of the Services, please contact us using the contact details published on our Services. 
  * **12\. Your California Privacy Rights and Do Not Track Notices.**  California Civil Code Section 1798.83 permits customers of Company who are California residents to request certain information regarding its disclosure of PII to third parties for their direct marketing purposes. To make such a request, please contact us using the contact details published on our Services. Please note that we are only required to respond to one request per customer each year. You are also advised that Company does not respond to “Do Not Track” signals. 



Last Date Updated: January 16, 2017.

  

