> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the compusa.com privacy policy that was archived on 2008-04-02. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20080402234158id_/http%3A//www.compusa.com/sectors/aboutus/privacy.asp) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy Policy at CompUSA.com

For more than 20 years, CompUSA.com has developed relationships with our customers based on respect and integrity. We're aware of the trust and confidence you demonstrate when you visit our website and provide us with information. The Privacy Notice below is posted to demonstrate our leadership in online security and customer service practices. We treat your personal information with the same honesty and sensitivity that we have displayed throughout our company's history. 

We strive to maximize the security of your online shopping experience. Your personal information, especially sensitive information like your credit card number, are always stored on our secure off-line network. Once you type your information, it is encrypted and automatically sent directly to our order processing system, which is on a server separate from the Internet. We employ the latest encryption technology, firewalls, intrusion detection software and anti-virus software in all areas of the site which processes and store your personal information or account information. These include online ordering, order status, catalog request and sweepstakes forms. We are dedicated to constantly assessing and implementing technology innovations to protect your personal information from unauthorized use. 

We will never share your email address , phone number or credit card information with any unrelated 3rd party except as necessary to fulfill transactions that you initiate.

If you have any questions or concerns about our Privacy Notice, please call us toll-free at **800-CompUSA ( 800-266-7872 )** or e-mail us at [privacy@compusa.com](mailto:privacy@compusa.com) or send a letter to: CompUSA Privacy Officer, 7795 West Flagler Street Suite #35; Miami, FL 33144 

**Children**  
CompUSA.com is a general audience site and does not knowingly collect personal identifiable information from children under the age of 13 without verifiable parental consent. If you are under the age of 13, please do not provide personally identifiable information of any kind whatsoever. CompUSA.com does not sell products to persons under the age of 18. If you are under the age of 18, you are required seek the consent of your parent or guardian to purchase products from this site.

**Personal Information Collected By CompUSA.com:**  
CompUSA.com uses information that we collect from our visitors to personalize and improve your visit at CompUSA.com. We gather the following types of information: 

**Information you give us:** CompUSA.com collects any information which you enter on our Web site. This information is normally provided when you search, buy, participate in a contest, sweepstakes or on-line survey, or when you communicate with any of our departments such as customer service, sales or technical services through our Web site, telephone, mail or fax. You also provide information when you establish an account with us. Examples of the type of information you may supply us with include your name, address, telephone number, credit card information, e-mail addresses, and information such as the last four of your Social Security number for fraud prevention. In some instances, we ask you for other people’s names and email addresses for the sole purpose of fulfilling your specific request to email certain specific information as part of our “email a friend” feature. 

**Automatic Information collected by us:** We (or agents on our behalf) collect anonymous information from visits to our sites through the use of “Web Beacons.” Web Beacons are simply web page elements which may employ cookie technology that enable us to record anonymous data about visits to or transactions made on our web site. This anonymous information is sometimes known as “clickstream data.” We may use this data to analyze trends and statistics to improve your online experience, or customer service. No personal data is collected through the use of Web Beacons on our sites. Through the use of cookies, we may also collect and analyze the IP address used to connect your computer to the Internet; computer and connection information such as your browser type and version; operating system and platform; purchase history; confirmation when you open e-mail that we send you; and the URLs which lead you to and around our Web site including the date and time. Your browser allows you to reject cookies and software is available from third parties which will allow you to visit our Web site without providing this information. You are welcomed at our Web site if you use this software but we will not be able to offer you our personalized services and we will be unable to accept any online orders from you. 

**Orders:** If you place an order we use a secure order form which requires you to provide contact, billing, and payment information. This information is transmitted to your credit card company to authorize your purchase. All information obtained from you in the course of transacting orders is used for the purpose of fulfilling your order in a timely manner and for communicating the status of your order with you. Additionally, upon placing an order, you will begin receiving both the CompUSA.com catalog and the CompUSA.com email newsletter unless you opt-out of either or both by [clicking here](https://web.archive.org/applications/email/emailmanager.asp) or calling us at 800-CompUSA ( 800-266-7872 ).

**Email Newsletter Subscription:** If you request an email newsletter subscription, we will send you an email confirming your request. This confirmation process allows you to unsubscribe if you changed your mind and decided not to join the list. Furthermore, the confirmation email will alert you if someone else had entered your email address into our email newsletter. In order to make our emails more relevant and useful to you, our servers may receive a confirmation when you open email from CompUSA.com.

**Sweepstakes Entrants:** If you enter a CompUSA.com sponsored sweepstakes, we employ a double opt-in subscription program. Upon registration, you will receive a confirmation email to the email address you gave us with a link contained within it or instructions for completing the subscription process. You will not be entered until you click through the link in the email we sent you or otherwise follow the instructions contained therein. In order to make our emails more relevant and useful to you, our servers may receive a confirmation when you open email from CompUSA.com.

  
**Sharing of Information with third-parties:**

**Independent Contractors:** We may employ other companies or individuals to provide certain services to us such as analyzing customer lists and data, providing marketing assistance, or consulting services. These third parties will have access to only the information needed to perform these limited functions and are required to provide your personal information with at least the same level of protection and security as CompUSA.com. Such third parties are prohibited from using your personal information for any other purpose. In no event will the data being used by any unrelated third party include your email address.

**Orders:** We will never share any telephone number(s), e-mail addresses, or credit card information which you have given us with any marketing partner(s) or any unrelated 3rd party. We may, however, share your name and postal mailing address with a few carefully selected marketing partners. You may opt-out of sharing this information at any time by calling our customer service department at 800-CompUSA ( 800-266-7872 ) or email [privacy@compusa.com](mailto:privacy@compusa.com). 

**Aggregate information:** We provide aggregate information to some of our business partners. This information does not identify you individually in any way. 

**Credit card companies and shippers:** When you buy something from us we send your credit card information, name, billing address and the amount of your purchase to your credit card company to verify and authorize the purchase. Your name, telephone number and shipping information must be provided to third party shippers such as UPS, Federal Express and the  United States Postal Service to deliver your purchase. There also may be instances in which we drop-ship orders directly to you from one of our manufacturers or suppliers. These drop-shippers are only given your name, postal address, and telephone number for the sole purpose of fulfilling your order.

**Third Party Transaction-Level Data:** If you visit our site from a third-party site the third-party site may be able to access select information from your individual transaction information. In order to track and credit your transaction the third-party site may give you a unique code, cookie or graphic which will uniquely identify you. This will only happen if you link directly from a third party site to our Web site. Any transactions made at our Web site while such a code is active will be reported back to the third party site. We will only report non-personal information to these sites such as the date of the transaction, the product(s) purchased and the amount spent. We will not report any information to these third party sites that will allow them to personally identify you and will never share your email address with any 3rd party. The presence of a 3rd party navigation bar atop our site is an indication that the third party site may be able to see your activity on our site 

**Link to Third Party Site:** Our Web site contains certain links to third party sites, such as our vendors. CompUSA.com is not responsible or liable for the privacy practices or content found on these sites. We recommend that you check the Privacy Notice of each site you visit. 

**Catalog Requests:** When you request a catalog from CompUSA.com we share your name and postal address with a 3rd party fulfillment company for the sole purpose of sending you the requested catalog. This 3rd party does not store the information nor does it use this information for anything other than its intended purpose.

**Information about Third Parties:**  
CompUSA.com maintains relationships with other websites that operate as its affiliates, however, CompUSA.com has no control over their activities. CompUSA.com will immediately cease doing business with any affiliate that abuses the terms of the affiliate agreement. This includes, but is not limited to: spam, trademark infringement, predatory means of attracting visitors, or unlawful activities. To report abuse by an affiliate, please contact our Affiliate Manager at 305-415-2313 or email [affiliates@CompUSA.com](mailto:affiliates@compusa.com)

**Law Enforcement and Protection of Users:**  
To the extent permitted by law, we will disclose personally identifiable information to government authorities or third parties pursuant to a legal request, subpoena or other legal process. We may also use or disclose you information as permitted by law to perform charge verifications, report or collect debts owed, fight fraud or protect the rights or property of CompUSA.com, our customers, our website or its users.

**Business Transfer:**  
CompUSA.com has been in business for over years and is a wholly owned subsidiary of Systemax, Inc., a Fortune 1000 Company (NYSE symbol SYX), and our intent is to continue operating for many years to come. However, in the unlikely event that CompUSA.com is sold, has its assets acquired or transferred, whether voluntarily or involuntarily, or merges or becomes affiliated with any other division, individual or entity, any customer information owned or under the control of CompUSA.com may be one of the transferred assets. 

**Choice/Opt-Out:**  
Our Web site gives you the opportunity to opt-out of receiving marketing communications from us. If you no longer wish to receive communications from us you may opt-out by calling **800-CompUSA ( 800-266-7872 )** or or email [privacy@CompUSA.com](mailto:privacy@CompUSA.com).
