> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the compare99.com privacy policy that was archived on 2014-11-22. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20141122082557id_/http%3A//www.compare99.com/site/page.html%3Fview%3Dprivacy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# compare99.com

Compare99.com will only use any data collected about you in accordance with international Data Protection Laws, specifically, the Data Protection Act 1998 and the European Directive on Privacy and Electronic Communications (2002/58/EC). Compare99.com uses your data in several ways; you may choose to register with Compare99.com, we may ask you questions for example, your name, address, phone number or email address. This data will be used to provide you with a better service, for example, we may use your email address to send you price alerts for products you have chosen. We may also use your name to address you correctly via email. We do not share any of your details for any 3rd party companies outside of compare99.com. To re-iterate, we will not use your details for SPAM. 

All information you may choose to share with us will be kept securely in accordance with our internal security policy. We will never collect sensitive information about you without your explicity consent. An example for sensitive information may be your religion, medical condition or payment details. To improve the quality of service we offer our customers we also use on-site and third party tracking systems. These systems do not capture personal or sensitive data, they are simply used to track part of the sales process which is an assisting part of an online shopping experience. We use this information to measure the quality of our on site experience and marketing efforts. 

Compare99.com also uses Google Analytics to capture data from your visit with us. An example of this data is, the time you visited us, which pages you visited and how long you stayed with us. This allows to see how successful we were at providing you with a good service. Our aim is to ensure we provide you with a good, accurate, clear and useful service allowing you to compare prices and find the right products. 
