> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the compareremit.com privacy policy that was archived on 2017-06-16. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20170616065600id_/https%3A//www.compareremit.com/privacy-statement) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy Statement

Path2USA.com Inc. ("CompareRemit") provides this notice explaining our online information practices and the way your personal information is collected and used, all in connection with the CompareRemit website, mobile application, and associated services (collectively, the “Service”). If you do not agree with the practices explained in this policy, do not use the Service, and if necessary, ask that your Account be cancelled. This policy applies only to information CompareRemit collects from you in connection with your use of the Service. By using the Service, and by checking the box indicating agreement with the Terms of Service during registration, you agree to accept the practices and terms set forth in this Privacy Policy. Capitalized terms not defined in this policy shall have the meaning set forth in the CompareRemit [Terms of Service Agreement](https://www.compareremit.com/terms-and-conditions/).

**COLLECTION AND TRACKING OF PERSONAL INFORMATION**  
So that we can provide you with the most efficient and enhanced service, we collect your personal information as described in the rest of this section.

**Registration**  
To create an Account on the Service, you must provide your email address. Your email address will be used for all messaging and notifications both originating within the Service and in our separate communications with you.  
We may also provide you with the ability to create an account for the Service through your account with certain third-party Social Networks, such as Facebook. If you choose to do so, you may have to provide us with your Social Network user name or user ID so that your identity can be authenticated by the Social Network.  By doing so, we’ll be able to link your Service account with your Social Network account and in creating and maintaining your account, we will access certain personal information, such as your name and email address, and other personal information that your Social Network account privacy settings permit us to access. Please check the Social Network policies and your privacy settings in order to understand what information we receive.

**Third Party Services and Visiting Third party Sites**  
There may be links to third party sites on our website. For example, social media features, such as the Facebook “like”, “share” or “follow” features or the Twitter “tweet” or “follow” features, are operated by third parties. These features may (at a minimum) collect your IP address, which page you are visiting on our sites, and may set a cookie to enable the features to function properly, and will share that information (and potentially other information) with the relevant third party.  This Privacy Policy does not apply to information users consent to give to third parties not affiliated with CompareRemit. Any information users give to another party is governed by the rules of that party’s privacy policy, which may differ from this Privacy Policy. CompareRemit is not responsible for information given to other parties.

**WHAT WE DO WITH COLLECTED INFORMATION**

**CompareRemit Communications**  
We may use personal information in order to display custom, personalized content to our visitors and send newsletters, emails, features, promotional material, surveys and other updates to our users. A user may, at any time, opt out of receiving such information.  
We also use collected information to evaluate and administer our service, respond to any problems that may arise and to gauge user trends to determine what part of our services are most popular with users. We will periodically communicate with our Users about such administrative matters. Users may not opt out of administrative communications regarding the Service except by terminating their Account.  
We may extend offers to users on behalf of our partners about a particular product or service that may be of interest to you, but we will never give out your name or personal information at any time without your permission.

**User Communications**  
We allow users of our Web site to send articles or links by email to other parties who may be interested in them. We do not retain any email to other parties who may be interested in them. We do not retain any email addresses (unless you are a user who already has voluntarily provided your email address as part of the registration process) of either the sender or receipt of such articles or links after they are sent.

**Compliance with Legal Process and Other Disclosures**  
We reserve the right to use or disclose any information without notice or consent as needed to satisfy any law, regulation or legal request (e.g., subpoenas); to conduct investigations of consumer complaints or possible breaches of law; to protect the integrity of our site and our property; to protect the safety of our visitors or others; to fulfill your requests; or to cooperate in any legal investigation.  
We may employ third party companies and individuals to administer and provide the Service on our behalf, (including, without limitation, bill and credit card payment processing, maintenance, administration, support, hosting and database management services). These third parties may have access to your personal information only to perform these tasks on our behalf in accordance with this Privacy Policy and are obligated not to disclose or use it for any other purpose.  
Personally identifiable information, including associated usage information, may be provided to a third party if there is a transfer of the assets or ownership of the Service or if CompareRemit files for bankruptcy.  
Your information may be transferred to and stored on computers located outside of your local jurisdiction where the privacy laws may not be as protective as those in your jurisdiction. Your consent to this Privacy Policy followed by your submission of any personal information represents your agreement to that transfer. As an example, but not a limitation, if you’re located outside the United States and choose to provide your personal information to us, we may transfer your personal information to the United States and process it here.

**Voluntary Public Disclosure**  
You should be aware that if you voluntarily disclose information online (whether through the Service or any other services available online), personal or otherwise, that information could be collected and used by others. For example, if you use chat forums, bulletin boards, or post a review and you include your e-mail or id, you may receive unsolicited messages from others. CompareRemit has no control over this use of your personal information.

**Non-Personally identifiable and Aggregate Information**  
The non-personally identifiable information that we may gather includes your gender, age, zip code, country or territory of residence, IP address (but see the discussion at the end of this section), the type of browser that you use, and other aspects of your use of the Service. CompareRemit uses this information to improve the Service, conduct research, to analyze your and other Users’ interest in the areas of the Service, to tailor advertising and content displayed to you and other Users, to inform our suppliers about the use of the Service, and to inform our advertisers about the number of Users that have viewed their advertising. To do this we may combine information that we have about you with information that we obtain from business partners or other companies. We may also release aggregate demographic information about User trends to partners and other third parties, including third-party advertisers on the Service. An example of this type of information would be patterns of use of the Service based on zip code or age group. We also retain aggregated log files of requested content in order to report overall product usage to content partners and to evaluate User trends.  
Generally, an IP address changes each time you connect to the Internet (it is a “dynamic” address). Note, however, that if you have a broadband connection, depending on your individual circumstance, it is possible that your IP address that we collect, or even perhaps a cookie we use, may contain information that could be deemed identifiable. This is because with some broadband connections your IP address doesn’t change (it is “static”) or changes only infrequently and could be associated with your personal computer.

**USE OF COOKIES**  
Your browser offers so-called “cookies” which, if you allow their use, store small amounts of data on your computer when you visit a Web site. We may use both session cookies and persistent cookies to identify that you’ve logged in to the Service and to tell us how and when you interact with our Service.  Cookies do not contain any personally identifiable information about you and therefore cannot be used to identify you personally. Unlike persistent cookies, session cookies are deleted when you log off from the Service and close your browser.  Cookies assist us in tracking which of our features you like best. Cookies will also enable us to customize our content according to your preferences. You have the ability to accept or decline cookies by modifying your browser and our Web sites are viewable even if you disable cookies, some advanced and customized features of our site, as well as other Web sites, will not be available to you. Some of the  advertisements displayed in our Web sites are provided by outside companies. These ads may contain cookies. While we use cookies in other parts of our Web sites, cookies received with advertisements are collected by our advertisers and we do not have access to this information beyond what our advertisers may make available to us as part of their ongoing reporting. If you would like more information about advertisers’ use of cookies, and about your option not to accept these cookies, please [click here](https://www.networkadvertising.org/choices/).

**USE OF WEB BEACONS**  
Some of our Web pages may contain electronic images known as Web beacons, which are also called single-pixel gifs. These images allow us to count users who have visited those pages and to deliver co-branded services. We also may include Web beacons in promotional e-mail messages or newsletters in order to count how many messages have been opened and acted upon. Web beacons are not used to access your personally identifiable information but they are a technique we use to compile aggregated statistics about our Web site usage. Web beacons collect only a limited set of information including a cookie number, time and date of a page view and a description of the page on which the Web beacon resides. Some of our Web pages may also contain Web beacons placed there by our advertising partners to help us determine the effectiveness of our advertising campaigns.

**ANALYTICS**  
CompareRemit uses third party providers (" **Analytical Services** "), such as Google Analytics, to collect and analyze the non-personally identifiable information described above. These Analytical Services use the visitor tracking technology we have described above, such as a cookie, tracking pixel or other mechanism, to collect, use, share and store our end users’ data.  Specifically as to Google Analytics, you can find more details about how Google Analytics collects, uses and stores our end users’ data by reviewing the Google privacy policy located at <https://www.google.com/intl/en/policies/privacy/>. In addition, Google Analytics provides you with the ability to opt-out of its tracking services. Details of such opt-out are available at <https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout/>. Opting-out of the Google Analytics services will only affect the collection and use of your data by Google Analytics but not by any other party. 

**DO NOT TRACK**  
CompareRemit does not use cookies to collect personal information or track user’s online activities over time and across different web sites, and so does not respond to the Do Not Track setting in your browser.  Third party service providers (including advertisers) we have engaged may use cookies to collect your personal information or online activities over time and across different web sites.  For more information regarding Do Not Track mechanisms, see [https://allaboutdnt.com/.](https://allaboutdnt.com/)

**SECURITY**  
We implement a variety of security measures to maintain the safety of personally identifiable information when a user enters, submits, or accesses their personal information, when we retain that information, and when we transmit that information to third parties as permitted under this privacy policy.  
We offer the use of a secure server for CompareRemit. All personally identifiable information supplied by you to us via CompareRemit is transmitted via Secure Socket Layer (SSL) or similarly secure technology.  We allow personally identifiable information to be accessed only by persons with specified rights to do so.  
Due to the open nature of communication through the Internet, we cannot guarantee that communications between you and CompareRemit will be free from unauthorized access by third parties, nor that third parties will not be able to circumvent the safeguards we have put in place. We cannot absolutely guarantee the security of any information that is disclosed or transmitted online.

**USE BY CHILDREN**  
CompareRemit does not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from children under the age of 13. If we learn that we have collected personally identifiable information of a child under 13 we will take steps to delete such information from our files as soon as possible.

**CONTROLLING YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION**  
A user may, at any time, change, correct, modify or delete any personal information they may have provided to CompareRemit by contacting CompareRemit using the contact form at info@compareremit.com.  
Finally:  
The Web is an evolving medium. If required, we may change our privacy policy at any time in the future. If you have established an Account, we will attempt to inform you of any modifications to this Privacy Policy that affect your obligations to CompareRemit or our obligations to you by: (a) sending you an email at the email address you provided as part of the registration process or including a notice in our regular email correspondence to you or (b) by a message to you at the time you log into the Service. If you do not agree with any such modifications, your sole remedy is the termination of your Account, which you may request by sending an email to us at info@compareremit.com. Your continued use of the Service after receiving notice of any modifications indicates your acceptance of the modified Privacy Policy.  
If you have not established an Account, any modifications to this Privacy Policy will be effective as to you upon CompareRemit posting the new terms and/or upon implementation of the new changes on the Service. You agree to review this Privacy Policy periodically so that you are aware of any modifications. Your continued use of the Service after any modifications indicates your acceptance of the modified Privacy Policy.

Last updated: February 23, 2016
