> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the compactappliance.com privacy policy that was archived on 2001-03-05. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20010305173632id_/http%3A//www.compactappliance.com/compactappliance/security.html) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy & Security

**Your Personal Information  
**We at compactAppliance.com recognize your right to privacy and are committed to protecting your privacy.  We use the information that we collect on our site to provide you with a superior shopping experience.  When you order, we will ask for information that will ensure that your order is processed in an accurate, secure, and timely manner.  Information we ask for includes your name, e-mail address, contact phone number, mailing and billing address, and credit card number and expiration date.  In fulfilling your order, we only share your personal information with outside parties to the extent necessary to fulfill your order.  We may also run contests on our web site in which we ask visitors for contact information that includes name, address, and e-mail address.  We may periodically send you our e-mail newsletter that contains special offers and updates about our products and services.  You may opt-out of receiving these emails or may modify your contact information at any time.To opt-out of receiving the newsletter send an email to [optout@compactappliance.com](mailto:optout@compactappliance.com)To modify any information that you have provided send an email to [info@compactappliance.com](mailto:info@compactappliance.com)We protect your account information against unauthorized access or release.  We will not give, sell, rent, or loan any identifiable personal information to any third party unless you have authorized us or we are legally required to do so. **Cookies  
**To personalize your experience at CompactAppliance.com, we use a feature on your Internet browser called a cookie.  Cookies are small files that your web browser places on your computer's hard drive.  We use cookies to keep track of your shopping cart. **Log Files  
**Your IP address is used to help identify you and your shopping cart. **Links to/from Other Sites  
**To enhance your shopping experience, the CompactAppliance.com site may have links to other sites on the internet that are owned by third party vendors and other third parties (External Sites), or you may come to CompactAppliance.com from a link from an external site.  The other web sites will have their own rules on privacy that you should review.  CompactAppliance.com is not responsible for the privacy policies of external sites. **Security  
**This website takes every precaution to protect our users' information.  To protect your privacy, CompactAppliance.com has teamed up with Yahoo!Store to provide our shopping cart technology.  Our shopping cart incorporates industry-standard secure server software (Secure Socket Layers) into sensitive sections of our store.  All online transactions at CompactAppliance.com are handled using this encryption technology.  When you enter your credit card number into the order form, it is transmitted across the internet in an  encrypted (scrambled) form, then decoded when it gets out.  For added security, we also encrypt the credit card number when it is stored on disk.Bank One Merchant Services, a state-of-the-art credit card verification service, keeps CompactAppliance.com's transactions secure by encrypting all of your personal information while validating the transaction.  We use RSA encryption technology to scramble your data so that it would be virtually impossible to break into.There are two ways to make sure you are browsing secure pages.  Both Internet Explorer and Netscape Navigator indicate secure modes with a symbol - the image of a closed padlock.  You will know the information is protected if the closed-lock symbol pops into view in the lower right or left-hand corner of your screen while you are checking it out.  You can also verify secure pages by checking the address, or URL, listed on the scroll bar.  If you spot an "s"after the "http" at the beginning of the address, you know that you're browsing in a secure environment. **Federal Law Limits Your Liability**  
Federal law limits an individual's liability if their credit card information should ever fall into the wrong hands.  Under the Fair Credit Billing Act of 1975, you may dispute the charges on your account with your credit card company and temporarily withhold payment while they investigate the situation.  Even if your creditor disagrees that unauthorized purchases were made, you're generally only liable for the first $50 in fraudulent charges. **Notification of Changes  
**If we decide to change our privacy policy, we will post those changes on our Homepage so our users are always aware of what information we collect, how we use it, and under any circumstances, if any, we disclose it.  If we decide to use personally identifiable information in a manner different from that stated at the time it was collected, we will notify users by way of an email.  Users will have a choice whether or not we use their information in this different manner.  We will use information in accordance with the privacy policy under which the information was collected.

|     [Our Mission](https://web.archive.org/compactappliance/mission.html)  
   [Privacy Policy](https://web.archive.org/compactappliance/security.html)  
   [FAQ](https://web.archive.org/compactappliance/faq.html)  
   [Hours of Operation](https://web.archive.org/compactappliance/contact2.html)  
   [Testimonials](https://web.archive.org/compactappliance/testimonials.html)  
   [How to Shop](https://web.archive.org/compactappliance/shopping.html)

   [Order Status](https://web.archive.org/compactappliance/ordering.html)  
   [Payment](https://web.archive.org/compactappliance/payment.html)  
   [Shipping](https://web.archive.org/compactappliance/shipping2.html)  
   [Damages](https://web.archive.org/compactappliance/damages.html)  
   [Extended Warranty](https://web.archive.org/compactappliance/extendedwarranty.html)  
   [Return Policy](https://web.archive.org/compactappliance/returnpolicy.html)  
   [Cancellation Policy](https://web.archive.org/compactappliance/cancellationpolicy.html)  
   [Placing an Order](https://web.archive.org/compactappliance/ordering.html)
