> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the complexvideo.com privacy policy that was archived on 2010-06-24. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20100624055009id_/http%3A//www.complexvideo.com/info/Privacy-Policy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy Policy

### Website Privacy Policy

This website is operated by or for Complex Media, LLC ("Complex"). The following rules set forth Complex's rightstocollect and make use of certain information.

_Collection and Use of Information:_ In addition to any personally identifying information you may voluntarily provide during your visit to this website, Complex may recognize and record certain other information, including without limitation, your computer's unique IP address, and/or any other information concerning your use of this website. Complex reserves the right to use any information it collects at this website for any legal purpose, including without limitation by sending you information concerning future products, activities and/or promotions, and/or by sharing your information with third-parties in connection with certain promotions, products, programs and/or services. You may contact us by mail at Complex Media, LLC, 40 West 23rd Street, 2nd Floor, New York, New York, 10010 to request that Complex remove your information from its promotional lists.

_Secure Transactions:_ In processing any sale transaction made on this website, Complex uses Secure Sockets Layer software ("SSL"), which is industry standard to secure online transactions. SSL is designed to encrypt your personal information, including your name, address and credit card data, and is designed to prevent others from accessing such information as it travels over the Internet. Notwithstanding Complex's efforts, no transmission of data over the Internet is guaranteed to be completely secure and such transmission is at your own risk.

_Cookies:_ Cookies are small text files that contain a string of alphanumeric characters. Complex reserves the right to use "cookies" at this website, by which one computer transaction may be related with a later one. By way of example, cookies may be used to save passwords or preferences or otherwise keep track of website access. For more information about cookies please visit: [www.allaboutcookies.org/cookies/](http://www.allaboutcookies.org/cookies/)

_Third Party Cookies:_ Complex also uses third party third party advertising companies to serve ads when you visit thiswebsite. These companies may use information about your visits to this website (not including your name, address, or other personal information) to provide advertisements on this website, other sites and other forms of media about goods and services that may be of interest to you. In providing advertisements, a unique third party cookie may be placed on your browser. Complex does not control or have access to these cookies. If you would like more information about this practice and to know your choices about not having this information used by these companies, please [click here](http://www.networkadvertising.org/consumer/opt_out.asp)

_Children:_ No visitor to this website under 18 years of age may submit and/or post any information to this website without the consent of a parent or guardian. Notwithstanding the foregoing, Complex does not seek to collect any personally identifiable information of children under 13 years of age and no such information should be submitted and/or posted to this website. 

_California Privacy Rights:_ Under California Civil Code sections 1798.83-1798.84, California residents are entitled to ask Complex for a notice identifying the categories of personal customer information which Complex shares with its affiliates and/or third parties for marketing purposes, and providing contact information for such affiliates and/or third parties. If you are a California resident and would like a copy of this notice, please submit a written request to the following address: Complex Media, LLC, 40 West 23rd Street, New York, New York, 10010, Attn: General Counsel. In your request, please specify that you want a "Complex's California Privacy Rights Notice," and allow thirty (30) days for a response.

_LIMITATION ON LIABILITY:_ UNDER NO CIRCUMSTANCE SHALL COMPLEX, ANY OF ITS AFFILIATES (INCLUDING BY WAY OF COMMON OWNERSHIP), AND/OR ANY OF THEIR OWNERS, OFFICERS, EMPLOYEES OR AGENTS, BE LIABLE TO YOU FOR ANY INDIRECT, SPECIAL, PUNITIVE, INCIDENTAL, EXEMPLARY OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES, WHETHER IN AN ACTION UNDER CONTRACT, NEGLIGENCE AND/OR ANY OTHER LEGAL THEORY, ARISING IN ANY WAY FROM OR IN CONNECTION WITH YOUR ACCESS, USE OR INABILITY TO ACCESS OR USE THIS WEBSITE.

_Applicable Law:_ The laws of the State of New York shall govern all matters relating to this website privacy policy, without giving effect to any principles of conflict of law. By your use of this website, you irrevocably submit to the exclusive jurisdiction of the state and federal courts located in New York County, New York with respect to resolution of disputes arising hereunder. 

_Policy Changes:_ Complex reserves the right to change this policy, in whole or part, at any time in its sole and absolute discretion, without prior notice, effective upon providing the updated policy on this website. If you have any questions concerning this policy, please submit your written questions to Complex Media, LLC, 40 West 23rd Street, New York, New York, 10010, Attn: General Counsel.
