> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the comsol.com privacy policy that was archived on 2017-07-11. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20170711205353id_/https%3A//www.comsol.com/company/privacy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Online Privacy Policy

By accessing or using the www.comsol.com web site, you agree to the terms of the COMSOL Online Privacy Policy, as outlined below. If you do not agree to these terms, please do not access or use this site.

## Collection of Personal Information

When you engage in certain activities on this site, such as ordering information, or signing up for courses and seminars, COMSOL AB and any subsidiaries or affiliates of COMSOL AB (collectively, “COMSOL”) may ask you to provide certain information about yourself by filling out and submitting an online form. It is completely optional for you to engage in these activities. If you choose to engage in these activities, however, COMSOL may require that you provide us personal information, such as your name, mailing address, e-mail address, and other personal identifying information. Information collected by COMSOL during registration for certain events that are wholly or partially conducted by our business partners and service providers, as well as information collected during those events, may be shared by COMSOL with the respective business partner and service provider for the purpose of conducting the event and offering their services.

When you submit personal information to COMSOL, you understand and agree that COMSOL and trusted vendors may transfer, store, and process your customer profile in any of the countries in which COMSOL maintains offices, including without limitation, the United States. Additionally, when you submit information regarding your Amazon Web Services (“AWS”) canonical ID to COMSOL, this information will be forwarded to COMSOL’s AWS Virtual Private Cloud in order to grant you access to this particular AWS S3 resource. Your AWS canonical ID will not be stored or otherwise used by COMSOL.

COMSOL collects this information in order to record and support your participation in the activities you select. COMSOL also uses information that you provide as part of our effort to keep you informed about product upgrades, special offers, and other COMSOL products and services.

COMSOL recognizes and appreciates the importance of responsible use of this information. If you do not want the information you provide to COMSOL to be used to inform you of other products and special offers from COMSOL, and you indicate this preference when you provide the information to COMSOL, COMSOL will honor your preference.

This site uses tools, including Google Analytics Demographics and Interest Reports and MouseStats, to collect information about use of this site. These tools do not reveal to us your name or other identifying information. We do not combine the information collected through the use of these tools with personally identifiable information. This site also uses a tool by Wistia to host the video content shown on this site. This tool collects information whenever you interact with a video hosted by Wistia on our site. These tools may plant a cookie on your web browser. A cookie is a small text file placed on your computer to collect standard Internet log information and web browsing activities. The cookie will identify you as a unique user the next time you visit this site. The cookie cannot be used by anyone else. This site uses tools for remarketing to advertise online, including but not limited to Google Adwords, which permits third-party vendors, including Google, to show our ads on sites across the internet. These third-party vendors, including Google, use cookies to serve ads based on someone’s past visits to this site. These tools also collect user data for the purposes of conversion tracking and serving ads targeted to users’ interests. If you would like to opt-out of some of those third parties’ interest-based advertising, you may do so through the Do Not Track functionality in your web browser or through other methods specified by the respective origin websites. These tools collect information such as the IP address assigned to you when you visit this site; your web browser type; how often you visit this site; the amount of time you spend at this site on a visit; what sites you visited prior to visiting this site; your screen resolution; the pages of this site that you viewed; your activities on pages of the site, including clicking, scrolling, and mouse movement; demographic information, such as your age and gender, that are associated with your web browser based on sites you have previously visited; and information about your interests based on past web page visits associated with your web browser and third party company information associated with your cookie identifier. Additionally, for those users who have chosen to enable Google to associate their web and app browsing history with their Google account, and to use information from their Google account to personalize ads, Google will collect Google-authenticated identifiers associated with users’ Google Accounts (and therefore, personal information) from Google’s signed-in users and will temporarily join these identifiers to our Google Analytics data in order to support our audiences.

The providers of these tools are limited in their ability to use and share information they collect by their terms and privacy policies. See http://www.google.com/analytics/learn/privacy.html; http://www.mousestats.com/sales/privacy; http://wistia.com/privacy; http://www.google.com/intl/en/policies/privacy/. You can prevent these tools from recognizing you on return visits to this site by disabling cookies on your browser and by using the Google Analytics’ Opt-out Browser Add-on available at https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout/. Google Analytics may collect some information even with cookies disabled. You can also opt out of Google’s interest-based ad serving by visiting Google’s Ads Settings at www.google.com/settings/ads. COMSOL uses the information they receive from these tools only to improve this site. We may share this information with third party contractors who help us analyze the information and improve the site.

## Updating Your Personal Information

You have the right to access and correct your personal information and privacy preferences. This may be accomplished by writing to COMSOL AB at:

COMSOL AB   
Tegnérgatan 23   
SE-111 40 Stockholm   
SWEDEN 

Attention Sales and Marketing Manager

Please include your e-mail address when you contact us.

Please note that COMSOL is not responsible for the content or privacy practices of non-COMSOL Web sites to which www.comsol.com or any other COMSOL Web site may link.
