> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the comuk.net privacy policy that was archived on 2016-02-13. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20160213044436id_/http%3A//comuk.net/index.php%3Fid%3Dprivacy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# ComUK.net - Your Premium Domain Name

Introduction   
The purpose of this policy is to explain how ComUk.Net collects protects and uses personal data. ComUk.Net is committed to ensuring that any personal data supplied by its customers or is otherwise generated by its business activities is collected and processed fairly and lawfully in accordance with the UK Data Protection Act 1998. 

What Types Of Personal Data Does ComUk.Net Collect?   
ComUk.Net needs certain personal data to enable it to provide its products and services to its customers and end users. The personal data collected will generally include: company name company size and sector individual contact names and job titles for delivery installation support and billing postal address elephone and fax numbers e-mail addresses. ComUk.Net also has access to personal data that is generated over the ComUk.Net network including IP and email addresses for incoming and outgoing data and network usage data. In certain circumstances ComUk.Net may also collect financial information about ComUk.Net customers and end users from third parties to enable ComUk.Net to assess its risks in granting credit terms and contact information about organisations ComUk.Net considers may be interested in ComUk.Net products and services. 

How Does ComUk.Net Obtain Personal Data?   
ComUk.Net obtains personal data in a number of ways including from orders placed by customers and end users (whether by telephone fax or email or by application form) from enquiries made by existing customers and potential customers (including information gathered at marketing events and via the ComUk.Net web site) from third party list brokers from resellers who pass on personal data to ComUk.Net about end users and directly from the ComUk.Net network. 

How Does ComUk.Net Use The Personal Data That It Holds?   
Most of ComUk.Net use of personal data is necessary to enable it to provide a service to its customers and its end users including order processing delivery installation and support services as well as for invoicing and in order to answer general customer enquiries. In addition ComUk.Net may also use personal data to improve on the level and type of service ComUk.Net offers to its customers. As part of this interest in improving the service provided ComUk.Net may process personal data for the purposes of sales analysis and customer usage statistics. 

Direct Marketing   
ComUk.Net may from time to time inform its customers end users and potential customers about ComUk.Net and ComUk.Net affiliate products and services and other information ComUk.Net feels may be of interest. Customers and other recipients of information from ComUk.Net may indicate at the time they first place an order with ComUk.Net whether or not they wish to receive such information or at any later time by simply contacting The Private Domain Company. 

To Whom Does ComUk.Net Disclose Personal Data?   
ComUk.Net will pass personal data within its internal departments in order to fulfil sales and support obligations as well as to finance departments to enable invoicing. As a general rule ComUk.Net does not disclose personal data to unaffiliated third parties except where customer consent has been obtained where ComUk.Net is under an obligation by law to disclose personal data or where ComUk.Net has contracted with third parties to assist in providing services to ComUk.Net customers such as for delivery installation and systems support services. 

How Does ComUk.Net Protect the Personal Data it Holds?   
ComUk.Net takes customer confidentiality and security very seriously. ComUk.Net has implemented appropriate internal security procedures that restrict access to and disclosure of personal data within The Private Domain Company. These procedures will be reviewed from time to time to determine whether they are being complied with and are effective. ComUk.Net will also actively investigate and cooperate with law enforcement agencies any allegations of abuse or violation of system or network security as set out in the applicable ComUk.Net Acceptable Use Policy. 

Customers Rights   
European Economic Area legislation gives individuals whose personal data is held by ComUk.Net specific rights to access and rectify personal data held about them. These include the right to: obtain from ComUk.Net for a prescribed fee confirmation that personal data is held as well as a written description of such personal data the purpose(s) for which it is being used the source(s) of the personal data and details of any recipients request the deletion or rectification of personal data which is inaccurate as explained in Direct Marketing above to object to any unsolicited information sent by ComUk.Net regarding promotions or new products and services. 

Contact Details   
If any individual wishes to contact ComUk.Net regarding the personal data held about them or has any other question about ComUk.Net data privacy procedures they should email: privacy@comuk.net 

Policy Updates   
As part of The Private Domain Companies commitment to compliance with data privacy requirements and to reflect changes in ComUk.Net operating procedures ComUk.Net may vary the terms of this policy from time to time and will post the revised policy on this website 
