> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the ithaca.edu privacy policy that was archived on 2016-06-02. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20160602183244id_/http%3A//www.ithaca.edu/its/general/policies/privacy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Ithaca College Public Website Privacy Notice - General Information - Digital Instruction and Information Services - Ithaca College

## Applicability

This Privacy Notice applies only to the Ithaca College main website ([www.ithaca.edu](https://web.archive.org/)) and explains our practices about the collection, use, and disclosure of visitor information, as outlined in this privacy statement.  Other Ithaca College websites may collect and use visitor information differently, and visitors should review the respective privacy statements for other Ithaca College sites that they visit.

## Information gathered automatically

Similar to most institutions on the Internet, Ithaca College tracks users’ web browsing patterns to inform our understanding of how our sites are being used, unless you take steps to browse the Internet anonymously or opt-out. Generic information is collected through the use of "cookies," which are text files placed on your computer, to evaluate usage patterns so that we can improve both content and distribution. You may refuse the use of cookies by selecting the appropriate settings on your browser; however, doing so may prevent you from using the full functionality of all of our websites. The generic information we collect is based on IP address, which is the location of a computer or network.

Some sections of Ithaca College owned websites use web analytics services that use cookies to help us analyze how users use our sites. The information generated by the cookie about your use of the website includes your IP address. This information will be transmitted to and stored by the analytics service provider(s) on their server(s). They will use this information for the purpose of evaluating your use of the website, compiling reports on website activity and providing other services relating to Internet usage. They may also transfer this information to third parties where required to do so by law, or where such third parties process the information on their behalf. By using this website, you consent to the processing of data about you by Ithaca College and our analytic services provider(s) in the manner and for the purposes set out above.

Please visit the following site for more information on Google Analytics, one of our analytics providers: <http://www.google.com/policies/privacy/partners/>.

## Information you provide to us

To communicate effectively with visitors to our website, we may ask you for personally identifiable information that can include name, email address or phone number, for example. Any such personally submitted information may be used in internal records and/or correspondence as deemed appropriate by Ithaca College.

## External links

Some Ithaca College websites may contain links to external websites not owned by, or officially affiliated with, Ithaca College in any way. Ithaca College is not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of such websites.

## Changes to this policy

Changes to this policy will be posted here.

## Contact information

If you have any questions about this privacy statement or the practices of this website, please contact [privacy@ithaca.edu](mailto:privacy@ithaca.edu).
