> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the dvm360.com privacy policy that was archived on 2010-06-24. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20100624130301id_/http%3A//www.dvm360.com/veterinary/static/staticHtml.jsp%3FfileName%3D/sitewide/privacy/privacy.jsp) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy Policy - DVM360

**Advanstar Communications Inc.** (together with its affiliated entities, "Advanstar") has created this privacy statement to demonstrate our commitment to full disclosure of the information collection and use practices applicable to this website. This privacy statement discloses what information we collect via this website and how we use it.

 **Information Collection and Dissemination  
General Principles**

  * In general, you may visit this website without identifying yourself or revealing any personal information.
  * As you browse our website, the site collects the IP address of your computer and clickstream data (information that site users generate as they move from page to page and click on items) and this data is aggregated with usage data from all site visitors.
  * Some portions of this website may require you to give us personally-identifiable information such as your name, job title, company, physical mailing address, e-mail address, telephone and fax numbers (Personal Information) and, if applicable, financial information such as your credit card information (Financial Information), for, without limitation, (i) to register for attendance at certain Advanstar trade shows, conferences and events; (ii) to obtain access to certain online content and functionality; and (iii) to subscribe to our publications. If you communicate with us by e-mail, post messages to any of our chat groups, bulletin boards or forums, or otherwise complete online forms, surveys or contest entries, any information provided in such communications may be collected as Personal Information.
  * If you elect to provide us Personal Information, we use it primarily to deliver the service you requested.
  * If you submit Financial Information, we use that information primarily to verify your credit and collect payments for your purchases, orders, registrations etc.



 **Information Sharing**  
We share your Personal Information with Advanstar's affiliates and partners and third parties licensed to access your Personal Information by any of the foregoing. We rent lists compiled from the Personal Information (including e-mail addresses) gathered from this website.

Except as otherwise provided in this privacy policy, we will keep your Personal Information and your Financial Information private and will not share it with third parties. However, we reserve the right to release information about visitors, including Personal Information and Financial Information, when release is appropriate to comply with the law, to enforce our Terms of Service, or to protect the rights, property or safety of this website, the public or Advanstar.

On certain Advanstar websites, such as [www.modernmedicine.com](http://www.modernmedicine.com/), when you register for a Continuing Medical Education ("CME") or a Continuing Education ("CE") activity, we collect personally-identifiable information from you. This information is required to be collected by, and is shared with, the relevant accreditation bodies. Our Editorial and Customer Support Staff also have access to this information, including evaluation forms and participant information. This information is used in assessing educational needs and in planning marketing activities. We reserve the right to use this information as otherwise permitted in this Privacy Policy or in our Terms of Service Agreement.

 **Aggregated information**  
We sometimes provide aggregated usage or tracking information collected from this website to third parties.

 **Information on Children**  
As a business-to-business company, we do not knowingly collect information from children. On-line registration and web site usage is restricted to adults who are professionally engaged in the businesses we serve.

 **Third Party and Affiliated Links:** Our websites contain links to external websites including suppliers, advertisers and affiliates. We have no control over, and are not responsible for, the content of, or information gathered by, these other websites. We do not endorse any of these websites or the products or services associated with such websites merely because they are linked to our website.

 **Cookies**  
A "cookie" is a string of data sent by a website to a user that is inserted in a file of the web browser of the user visiting the site. Advanstar uses temporary, session-specific cookies to ensure visits to its website are smooth and customized for the visitor. Such cookies allow us to provide a visitor's browser with information tailored to the visitor's preferences and needs. Advanstar also uses permanent or persistent cookies that remain on a visitor's computer after the visitor leaves an Advanstar website.

If you do not want your browser to accept cookies, you can turn off the cookie acceptance option in the browser's settings. However, disabling the cookie support function of the browser will prevent our website from functioning properly and you may not be able to use fully all of the site's features and information.

We use advertising companies to develop banner ads for our website. These ads may contain cookies. These companies collect cookies sent to your browser through the banner ads and we do not have control of, or access to, this data.

 **Opt-out Option**  
Visitors to this website can decide whether they want to receive targeted promotional information from Advanstar. On the visitor registration pages, prospective visitors can choose to request Advanstar not to e-mail them advertising and promotional information. Should visitors accept promotional email from Advanstar, any email they receive will include instructions on how to be removed from Advanstar's promotional email list.

 **Your California Privacy Rights**  
California's "Shine the Light" law, Cal. Civ. Code ยง 1798.83, permits our users who are residents of California to request and obtain from us, once per year, free of charge, information about the Personal Information and Financial Information, if any, that we disclosed to third parties for direct marketing purposes in the preceding calendar year. If applicable, this information includes a listing of the categories of personal information that was shared, and the names and addresses of the third parties with whom we shared the information.

If you are a California resident, and would like to make such a request, please submit your request, in writing, to:

Online Privacy Coordinator  
Advanstar Communications Inc.  
Legal Department  
131 West 1st Street  
Duluth, MN 55802

 **Security and Encryption**  
This website takes commercially reasonable precautions to protect your information. We use SSL encryption technology on the portions of our website that accept Financial Information and we use a secure server to encrypt Financial Information transmitted between your browser and our server. As a result, data you submit to our website, such as credit card and payment information, is transmitted securely over the Internet.

 **Exceptions**  
Advanstar may buy or sell various assets. In the event that we sell some or all of our assets, or our site is acquired by another company, information about our visitors, including Personal Information and Financial Information, may be among the transferred assets.

Whenever you voluntarily make your personal information available for viewing by third parties online - for example in chat rooms or on message boards - Advanstar has no ability or obligation to prevent third-party access to such information and Advanstar undertakes no responsibility to keep such information private.

 **Notification of Changes**  
Advanstar reserves the right, at any time and without notice, to add to, change, update or modify this privacy policy, simply by posting such change, update or modification on the website. Any such change, update or modification will be effective immediately upon posting on the website.

 **Your Acceptance of these Terms**  
By using our website, products or services, you signify your acceptance of the terms of the Advanstar Privacy Policy. If you do not agree to the terms of the Advanstar Privacy Policy, please do not use the website, products and/or services and exit the site immediately.
