> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the cbsradio.com privacy policy that was archived on 2010-11-20. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20101120152819id_/http%3A//www.cbsradio.com/info/privacy_policy.html) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# CBS RADIO - Home

**CBS RADIO Inc. PRIVACY POLICY  
AND YOUR CALIFORNIA PRIVACY RIGHTS**

This website ("Site," "us," or "we") is the official website for CBS RADIO Inc. ("CBS RADIO") and is owned and operated by CBS RADIO ("Owner and Operator"). CBS RADIO is the parent company of numerous radio stations located across the country ("CBS RADIO Stations"). This is a business-oriented website targeted primarily to CBS RADIO's valued business partners and advertisers, promotional partners and sponsors (collectively known as "Advertisers"). However, the Career Page is open to all visitors to the Site who are interested in employment opportunities with CBS RADIO or CBS RADIO Stations. The Career Page is powered by Monster.com and the collection of resumes or biographical information is operated and managed by Monster.com. Please see Monster.com's [Privacy Policy](http://about.monster.com/privacy/). 

This Privacy Policy only applies to the privacy policies and business practices of CBS RADIO regarding this Site. It does not cover any personally identifiable information ("Personal Information") collected directly by CBS RADIO Stations, Advertisers, corporate affiliates, or any other company, unless specifically stated. **If you do not agree with this Privacy Policy, please do not participate in the Site's or CBS RADIO activities and features that require you to provide your Personal Information. (The type of Personal Information collected is listed below.)**

Your privacy is very important to us. Because we gather certain types of Personal Information from users of this Site, we feel you should know how we collect, use, disclose, manage, and store the Personal Information that you may voluntarily provide us and the Personal Information that is collected passively through the use of cookies or image tags. This Privacy Policy is a part of the Site's [Terms of Use Agreement.](http://www.cbsradio.com/info/terms_of_use.html) Both the Privacy Policy and Terms of Use Agreement are binding on all users. We reserve the right to revise this Privacy Policy at any time by updating this posting without advance notice to you. Such revisions shall be effective to you immediately upon posting. Notice of material changes to either document will be posted on the Site's homepage. However, we encourage you to check this Privacy Policy and the Terms of Use Agreement often for updates. 

Residents of the State of California, under a new provision of the California Civil Code, have the right to request from companies conducting business in California a list of all third parties to which the company has disclosed Personal Information during the preceding year for direct marketing purposes. Alternatively, the law provides that if the company has a privacy policy that gives either an Opt-out or Opt-in choice for use of your Personal Information by third parties (such as Advertisers or affiliated companies) for marketing purposes, the company may instead provide you with information on how to exercise your disclosure choice options. 

This Site qualifies for the alternative option; it has a comprehensive privacy policy and provides you with details on how you may Opt-out to the use of your Personal Information by specific third parties, including Advertisers for direct marketing purposes. Therefore, we are not required to maintain or disclose a list of the third parties that received your Personal Information during the preceding year for marketing purposes. Significantly, this Site in its current format was not launched until September, 2005. 

If you are a California resident and request information about how to exercise your third party disclosure choices you must send a request to the following address with a preference on how our response to your request should be sent (email or postal mail). You may contact us in two ways. Send an email to [privacyadministrator@cbsradio.com](mailto:privacyadministrator@cbsradio.com) Alternatively, you may contact: 

**CBS RADIO Inc.**  
**Privacy Administrator**  
**1515 Broadway, 46th floor**  
**New York** **, NY 10036**  
Attn: Your California Privacy Rights 

**For requests sent via email, you must put the statement "Your California Privacy Rights" in the subject field of your email and "CBS RADIO/Monster.com Promotion" in the body of the email. All requests sent via postal mail must be labeled "Your California Privacy Rights" on the envelope or post card and clearly stated on the actual request.** For all requests, please include your name, street address, city, state, and zip code. (Your street address is optional if you wish to receive a response to your request via email. Please include your zip code for our own recordkeeping.) **_We will not accept requests via the telephone or by facsimile._** We are not responsible for notices that are not labeled or sent properly, or do not have complete information.

To all other users of this Site, if you have other questions about this Privacy Policy please contact the CBS RADIO's Privacy Administrator at the following email address: **[privacyadministrator@cbsradio.com](mailto:privacyadministrator@cbsradio.com)**

 ** **CBS RADIO Inc.****

 **Unless specified otherwise on the Site, all users must be at least 18 years of age and a resident of the United States to participate in any activity that requires the submission of Personal Information. (To participate and win in certain Site contests, you may be required to provide proof of age and U.S. residency eligibility by showing a driver's license, state or federal identification.)**

This Site is designed and targeted to United States (U.S.) audiences and is governed by and operated in accordance with the laws of the United States. We make no representation that this Site is operated in accordance with the laws or governed by other nations. By your participation in our Site activities, you certify that you are at least 18years of age and located in the U.S. If you are located in the European Union or elsewhere outside of the U.S. and you participate in activities on this Site contrary to our policy that only U.S. residents are eligible for certain activities, you do so at your own risk and initiative, and are responsible for compliance with any applicable local laws. Please be aware that any Personal Information you transfer to us will be transferred to the U.S and subject to U.S. law. By using this Site, participating in any activities, and/or providing us with your Personal Information, you consent to this transfer of Personal Information to the U.S., and waive any claims that may arise under your own national laws. All users of the Site are required to provide true, current, complete and accurate Personal Information when prompted and we will reject and delete any entry that we believe in good faith to be false, fraudulent, or inconsistent with this Privacy Policy. 

Your continued participation on this Site indicates your acceptance of this Privacy Policy and of the collection, use, disclosure, management and storage of your Personal Information as described below. We may from time to time, transfer or merge any Personal Information collected off-line to our online databases or store off-line information in an electronic format. We may also combine Personal Information we collect online with information available from other sources, including information received from our Promotional Partners or marketing companies. This Privacy Policy covers all such Personal Information and will remain in full force and effect as long as you are a user of the Promotional Site. **We reserve the right to revise this Policy at any time by updating this posting without advance notice to you. Such revisions shall be effective to you immediately upon posting. Therefore, we encourage you to check this Privacy Policy often.**

**_GENERAL PRIVACY GUIDELINES_**

We use your Personal Information to provide you with the features, services, or goods you request and to respond to billing and/or other such questions related to the Site. We will also use your Personal Information to notify you about updates, new features, programming and activities, or goods and services, on behalf of CBS RADIO and corporate affiliates, CBS RADIO Stations, or on behalf of Advertisers that may be of interest to you. (We explain below in the next section what our policy is for the collection, use and disclosure of Personal Information directly to Advertisers.) 

We may also use your information for hiring, operational and business purposes, or to find out how we can improve the Site via surveys or online tracking mechanisms. We use aggregate Personal Information to help us to evaluate and modify existing services and features. We also use your Personal Information to develop new services and features that may be of interest to you. 

We will not sell, exchange, rent, lease or otherwise disclose your Personal Information or Sensitive Personal Information (as defined below) to other third party marketers or any such persons that are not associated with the Site or CBS RADIO unless it is necessary to: 1) conform to regulatory and legal requirements or to comply with legal process; 2) to protect the safety and security of our users, employees, or property; 3) to defend the rights of the Site, CBS RADIO, or CBS RADIO Stations; or 4) to enforce the Terms of Use Agreement. 

We will share your Personal Information with our corporate parent, Viacom Inc. ("Viacom") and affiliated corporate entities primarily for business and operational purposes. On occasion, we will share your Personal Information with Viacom or Viacom affiliated corporate entities for promotional and marketing purposes. We will inform you when we conduct cross-promotional events between our various stations or affiliated companies, and you will have the right to Opt-out of such use. 

It is also necessary that we share your Personal Information and Sensitive Personal Information with our operational service providers, the specialists that provide internal support to the Site and CBS RADIO operations and activities and/or design, development, hosting and operations including maintenance, management, storage and/or fulfillment of our e-mail clubs, various contests, sweepstakes, services, events and online stores. We use operational service providers to efficiently provide the full range of content, activities and membership services we bring to you and we request that our operational service providers also protect your privacy and not disclose your Personal Information or Sensitive Personal Information to third party marketers that are not associated with CBS RADIO or Site. Additionally, such providers are not to use your Personal Information for their own marketing or promotional purposes. 

In the event that the assets or stock of CBS RADIO, its corporate parent company, CBS RADIO Stations are sold or transferred, merged with a different company or entity, restructured, or subject to other fundamental corporate changes, we reserve the right to disclose any and all databases compiled from Personal Information or Sensitive Personal Information collected by the Site to such successor. We will seek to obligate the successor company to agree to the terms of the Privacy Policy, as it may hereafter be modified, but cannot guarantee that we will be able to do so or that the successor company will comply with this obligation. 

We reserve the right to collect Personal Information using any new technology yet to be developed and to use such technology to provide new services and features to you, as well as for marketing and promotional purposes. Specific information regarding your choice to either Opt-in or to Opt-out to such use, or for sharing your Personal Information with Promotional Partners, will be provided once the new technology, service, or feature is introduced. 

**_WEBSITE COLLECTION, USE, AND DISCLOSURE OF PERSONAL INFORMATION_**

Generally, you may browse this Site without providing any Personal Information. For certain activities (such as contest and sweepstakes registrations) the Personal Information you voluntarily provide may include your first/middle and last name, home address, business address, business name, email address, telephone number, mobile phone/text messaging device number, date of birth, gender, employer or personal preferences, depending on the specific activity. For example, for the "Advertise With Us" feature you are asked to provide your name, company name, email address, and phone number, plus whether you are interested in advertising nationally or locally, and if locally, which markets you prefer so that we may fully address your needs. However, if you do not want to disclose information regarding your company, your email address is required so that we may respond to your inquiry. 

For specific purposes (such as the purchase of goods and services) we may request a type of confidential personally identifiable information, which is called "Sensitive Personal Information," and includes but is not limited to any individual's: (1) social security number; (2) driver's license number or state identification card number; or (3) account number, credit or debit card number, in combination with any required security code, access code or password that would permit access to an individual's financial account. This Sensitive Personal Information will only be used to implement the specific activity or event it was submitted for, or for verification of a user's eligibility or identity. We will not share your Sensitive Personal Information with Advertisers. 

However, more general Personal Information will be used to implement the specific activity or event and will also be used for the marketing of additional events, services and merchandising for this Site and CBS RADIO, and our Advertisers. We provide you with an option to "Opt-out" of receiving advertising and promotional email from us in compliance with federal law by installing an Opt-out mechanism with all such email messages. You must use the designated method in the email message to notify us of your Opt-out request, as we cannot guarantee that other methods of notification will be effective or timely. Please be aware that we may continue to contact you via email for administrative or informational purposes, including follow-up messages regarding sweepstakes or contests you have entered or other transactions you have undertaken. By law, such messages are not considered to be commercial email. 

We are not responsible for removing your Personal Information from third party lists or entities which you have previously authorized us to share your information. You will need to contact those entities directly. 

It is your responsibility to give us current, complete, truthful and accurate information and to keep the Personal Information that you provide to us up to date. **We cannot and will not be responsible for any problems or liability that may arise if you do not give us accurate, truthful or complete information or if you fail to update the information you give us.**

Except to meet Federal Communications Commission ("FCC"), or other regulatory and legal purposes, we will not knowingly use, store, or disclose a child's Personal Information to a third party without prior parental consent. For the purpose of this Privacy Policy, a child is a person under the age of 13. 

**Special Events and Features**   
For special events and features such as "Advertising Week" that provide podcasting and/or streaming audio services, you will need to first register to receive access to CBS RADIO's audio service and streaming programming. You must submit your first/middle and last name, email address, company description and primary industry concentration. We will use your Personal Information to provide you with updates regarding the special event or feature, plus we may send you future information regarding CBS RADIO's promotions and events. You may always opt-out of receiving such promotional messages by using the unsubscribe ("Opt-out") mechanism in the email or by contacting the Privacy Administrator. 

**Career Page**   
The Career Page on this Site is powered by Monster.com. Any visitor to the Site may search for employment positions with CBS RADIO and its CBS RADIO Stations around the country. You do not need to input any Personal Information to conduct a search. However, if you wish to apply for a particular job, you will be transported to a special page on Monster.com's site for the collection of resumes or biographical information for CBS RADIO and CBS RADIO Station employment positions. Please see [Monster.com's Privacy Policy](http://about.monster.com/privacy/) which governs the collection of resumes and job-related personally identifiable information ("Personal Information"). CBS RADIO and CBS RADIO Stations will also have access to the resumes and biographical information submitted to Monster.com and will use such information only for employment and employment-related purposes, including compliance with FCC regulatory or other governmental requirements. This Privacy Policy will control CBS RADIO's access to resumes and biographical information, whether collected by Monster.com, or submitted by other means, such as email. 

**Collection of Wireless Email Addresses**   
Unless stated otherwise, we do not request contact information for a mobile phone, text messaging or any wireless device that includes a domain name address (such as ".net" or ".com") as part of the contact information. Federal law prohibits the sending of commercial email messages directly to a wireless device that uses a domain name, unless you have first given your affirmative consent. We may inadvertently collect a wireless device number that includes a domain name when you send us an inquiry or register for podcasting/streaming services, contests, sweepstakes, or a promotional event or feature. However, we will not knowingly use that contact information for sending commercial email. We reserve the right to respond to user inquiries or requests sent via a wireless device that uses a domain name as such messages are not deemed to be commercial email and therefore, are not regulated by Federal law. However, when "computer to phone" commercial emails are prohibited by law, we may reject your wireless device contact information when such information is submitted for certain Site features or services. We will attempt to notify you if we will need new contact information. 

**_DISCLOSURE OF PERSONAL INFORMATION TO ADVERTISERS_**

Advertising support allows us to offer, free of charge, many great activities and services to our users such as contests, sweepstakes and special events. Therefore, we may also use your Personal Information for the marketing of events, products or services of our generous Advertisers. There are two ways users may receive such information from Advertisers, either indirectly via newsletters, email or direct mail from the Site or CBS RADIO, or directly from the Advertiser. We will use one or both methods depending on the activity and the specific Advertiser. However, please be informed that our Advertisers may not have the same privacy policies that we do **.** Therefore, you will need to tell us if you do 

_not_

want to receive marketing information directly from our Advertisers. Information on how to Opt-out is listed below. 

Your Personal Information collected via this Site, may be shared directly with Advertisers ** __** unless you Opt-out to this use of your Personal Information. You will need to check the "Opt-out" click boxes that may be located on the registration area for a particular feature or activity, or the use the "Opt-out" mechanism located in an email, or alternatively, notify the CBS RADIO Privacy Administrator at **[privacyadministrator@cbsradio.com](mailto:privacyadministrator@cbsradio.com).** (You will also need to tell us if you do not wish to receive marketing or promotional materials from CBS RADIO in the same manner.) ****   
**_COOKIES AND IMAGE TAGS_**

The use of cookies is an industry standard and they are currently used on most websites, including this Site. Cookies are a small text file containing a unique identification number that is transferred from a website to the hard drive of a user's computer so that the website administrator or a third party operational service provider may identify the computer and passively track the user's activities on the website. Image tags work in conjunction with cookies and are small image files that may be located on select pages of our Site, or with-in web-based email newsletters that we may send. (Image tags are also called web beacons, web bugs, clear GIFs or single-pixel GIFs.) Tracking is important because we can better understand what parts of our website are used the most, when to launch new services and how to enhance current offerings. We may share the information we receive from cookies and image tags with third-parties and our Advertisers in aggregate form, which means that such information does not contain specific Personal Information or Sensitive Personal Information about any one visitor. 

In short, cookies and image tags collect a user's Internet protocols and server information. Such data files allow our Site to remember your web browser when you visit our Site and are necessary tools for quick and efficient access to membership clubs, awards programs and contests. A cookie will not allow the Site to learn any Personal Information (such as your real name and email address) or Sensitive Personal Information that you have not otherwise disclosed. Cookies and image tags allow the Site to remember important information that will make the Site easier for you to use and helpful in our administration of various activities. We do not use cookies or image tags to collect other Personal Information or Sensitive Personal Information unless you give us permission to do so. 

You can choose to have your computer warn you each time a cookie or image tag is being sent, or you can choose to turn off all such devices. This is done through your browser. If you turn cookies off, you may not have access to many features at our Site that make your Internet experience more efficient and enjoyable like the features mentioned above and some of our other services will not function properly. 

**_EMAIL_**

We do not generally keep email correspondence, except for those emails that relate to the on-air programs or operations of CBS RADIO or CBS RADIO Stations. If any part of your email correspondence relates to a specific CBS RADIO Station programming or operations, we may place such correspondence in the Station's FCC Public Inspection File, or make the correspondence available via electronic file access at the Station to anyone that requests such information. Therefore, be informed that your Personal Information or Sensitive Personal Information contained in certain emails, including Personal Information knowingly received from a child under the age of thirteen, will be disclosed to the general public. We request that you not place any Sensitive Personal Information in your email correspondence to the Station that pertains to station programming or operations. You understand and agree that we are not responsible for Sensitive Personal Information that is improperly disclosed in emails that are made available to the general public in compliance with FCC regulations. 

SHOPPING & E-COMMERCE 

If this Site sells goods and/or services or provides auction services, we will request Sensitive Personal Information that includes your credit card, debit card or other payment information. Alternatively, the Site may use a third party operational service provider to conduct the financial transaction in a secured manner; the third party payment will be accessible via a hyperlink from the Site and will be solely responsible for all financial transactions and the collection, use, and storage of your Personal Information. The Site may request additional Personal Information such as full name, billing and shipping address, email address and telephone number and any such information that is required to fulfill your order and to communicate with you regarding your order. Sensitive Personal Information collected for the purchase of goods and services will be encrypted or collected though a secured Internet connection generally via SSL or S-HTTP protocols. Such Sensitive Personal Information will also be stored in a commercially reasonable secure manner. We may use your Personal Information, (but not your credit card or debit card number) to contact you about future products, services and discounts from the Station or to provide such information indirectly from our Advertisers, unless you tell us otherwise ("Opt-out"). We will only use your credit card and debit card number to complete the specific transaction you requested.

**_MONITORING AND ADDITIONAL USE OF PERSONAL INFORMATION_**

We reserve the right to monitor and edit any Personal Information about our users, including information about the use of website activities and services, the contents of users' email and messages for internal purposes, and when necessary, to disclose to law enforcement personnel, and/or the employer and/or Internet Service Provider of a user that is not in compliance with the Site's Terms of Use Agreement or Privacy Policy. We will take such measures if we believe it is necessary to protect the security, integrity, and operations of this Site, CBS RADIO, CBS RADIO Stations and Advertisers. Without disclosure of Personal Information or Sensitive Personal Information about individual users, we may provide aggregate statistics about our users, traffic patterns and related website information to Advertisers, reputable third party vendors or marketing companies. 

This Site may license third party ad-server software to provide banner advertising on the Site. In such cases, we will place cookies on your computer that collect Personal Information, monitor your website or Internet usage via this software and such information will be collected, used, and stored in the same manner that other Personal Information is collected on this Site. The third party software licensor does not have access to your Personal Information. 

**_ADVERTISING AND OTHER THIRD PARTY CONTENT_**

This Privacy Policy does not cover third party advertising or third party content that may be present on the Site. This Site may provide banner and general advertising, in addition to other content provided by our Advertisers or operational service providers. Users may from time to time purchase goods or services offered through, or otherwise participate in or send messages concerning such advertising, promotions or third party content offered through the Site. Such correspondence, transactions and agreements are solely between the user and the Advertiser or the third party content provider and do not involve the Site. Also, Advertisers and such third party content providers may not have the same privacy policies that we do and you are encouraged to read their privacy policy first before participating in any activity or feature. 

**_HYPERLINKS TO OTHER WEBSITES_**   
This Site provides links to third party websites that could be of interest to our users, including the websites of our Advertisers. As stated in our Terms of Use Agreement, CBS RADIO does not own or control these websites and therefore, is not responsible for the content, business practices, nor operations of such websites. Third party websites linked on this Site may have different privacy policies and business practices than we do. The presence of a link to a third party website does not constitute or imply our endorsement, recommendation, or sponsorship of the third party content, goods, or services available through, or contained on, the third party website. By use of this Site, you have agreed that you will use the hyperlinks to third party sites at your own risk. 

**_OFF-LINE COLLECTION, USE, AND DISCLOSURE OF PERSONAL INFORMATION_**

CBS RADIO may collect and use Personal Information by other means, via its CBS RADIO Stations' on-air broadcasts, telephone, direct mail, and direct from members of the public. The various uses of such Personal Information include, but are not limited to, on-air contests & sweepstakes, other special membership only features/events, job applications, and operational and business purposes. You will also be required to provide your Social Security Number for federal income tax reporting purposes, if you are a winner of a prize valued in excess of 0. (Your Social Security Number will not be collected at the time of your sweepstakes registration, but will be collected off-line at the time of winner verification and prize fulfillment.)   
Except for contests & sweepstakes entries, or registrations for other special membership features/events, we do not ordinarily use your Personal Information collected off-line for promotional or advertising purposes, nor do we share it with third parties for promotional or marketing purposes. If Personal Information collected off-line will be used by CBS RADIO or its corporate affiliates, or CBS RADIO Stations for promotional and marketing purposes, you have the opportunity to Opt-out of such use. If such information will be shared with Advertisers, you will have the same rights as provided for the disclosure of Personal Information collected online. (Please see the "Website Collection, Use, and Disclosure of Personal Information" section.) 

**_SECURITY MEASURES_**   
We conduct the collection, management, maintenance and storage of listener or website user information in a secure and commercially reasonable manner using acceptable industry standards of security technology and practices (such as electronic security systems and password protections) to protect against the loss, misuse or alteration of Personal Information. We also request that our operational service providers take such precautions. This Site's databases are accessible only by authorized personnel. 

However, please note that when users transmit Personal Information over an unsecured Internet or wireless connection, the Site is not responsible for the security of that information during the transmission stage as your email or registration could be copied or intercepted by unknown third parties. We use a secured connection only for the collection of Sensitive Personal Information necessary for the purchase of goods or services, but we do not use a secured connection for other types of activities. Therefore, you understand, acknowledge, and agree that you transmit certain Personal Information over this Site at your own risk. 

**_REVIEW, UPDATE, CORRECT, OR DELETE PERSONAL INFORMATION OR SENSITIVE PERSONAL INFORMATION_**

Generally, you may review, update or delete your Personal Information or Sensitive Personal Information collected by the Site. You may also correct factual inaccuracies. Certain types of Personal Information that is necessary to check eligibility, such as date of birth or age, cannot be deleted, but may be modified with sufficient verification of the new information. Note that we reserve the right to terminate or delete any membership or entry if we believe the Personal Information submitted was knowingly false or fraudulent. 

To review, update or delete your Personal Information or Sensitive Personal Information collected via promotional activities on this Site by CBS RADIO, please email the CBS RADIO Privacy Administrator at **[privacyadministrator@cbsradio.com](mailto:privacyadministrator@cbsradio.com)**. To have access to your Personal Information or Sensitive Personal Information, you must provide proof of identification such as full name, street address, city/state and zip code, user ID and password, and/or information about your recent activity on the website. We reserve the right to deny access to any user if we believe there is a question about your identity. And if the burden or expense of providing access to your Personal Information is disproportionate to the risks to your privacy, or if the legitimate rights of others would be violated, we may decide not to provide access to such information. In such cases, we will provide to you an explanation of why access cannot be provided and a contact person for further inquiries. 

This Privacy Policy was last updated on December 13, 2005 and is effective immediately. 
