> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the cbssportsstore.com privacy policy that was archived on 2010-06-24. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20100624103801id_/http%3A//www.cbssportsstore.com/helpdesk/index.jsp%3Fdisplay%3Dsafety%26subdisplay%3Dprivacy%26clickid%3Dfooter_privacy_txt) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# CBSSportsStore.com Helpdesk

**SECURITY & PRIVACY**

Effective 8/5/2002 

**NOTIFICATION OF CHANGES AND YOUR ACCEPTANCE OF THE PRIVACY POLICY**  
By using this Site, you signify your agreement to the terms of this privacy policy. CBSSportsStore.com partners may update this policy. We will notify you about significant changes in the way we treat personal information by sending a notice to the email address associated with your account or by placing a prominent notice on the Site. Your continued use of the Site shall constitute your acceptance of such revised privacy policy. 

**privacy Statement for CBSSportsStore.com**  
This privacy policy is applicable to the Website accessible at the domain CBSSportsStore.com (the "Web Site"), which is operated pursuant to a strategic relationship between CBSSports.com, Inc. ("CBSSports") and GSI Commerce Solutions, Inc. ("GSI") and pursuant to a strategic relationship between CBSSports and the co-branded partner ("Co-Branded partner") identified in the top of the left navigation bar just below the CBSSportsStore.com logo on the home page of this Web Site (GSI, CBSSports and the Co-Branded partner are collectively, the "CBSSportsStore.com partners" "we", "our", or "us"). Your privacy on the Internet is of the utmost importance to us. Because we gather certain types of information about the users of this Web Site, we feel you should fully understand the terms and conditions surrounding the capture and use of that information. This privacy statement (this "Statement") discloses the privacy practices for the Web Site - what information we gather, how we use it and how to correct or change information you provide. This Statement only addresses the activities through this Web Site. Other sites (including those to which this Web Site links or links from) and third party sites or services may have their own privacy policies and practices, which we do not control. Questions regarding this Statement should be emailed to [privacy@CBSSports.com](mailto:privacy@CBSSports.com?%20subject=Privacy%20Policy%20Questions). 

**General privacy Information**  
This Web Site contains links to partners, advertisers and third party Internet sites and services who may collect data in connection with sweepstakes, promotions, e-commerce, etc. They each have separate privacy and data collection practices, independent of the CBSSportsStore.com partners and the CBSSportsStore.com partners have no responsibility or liability for these independent policies or actions and is not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of such Web sites. please keep in mind that whenever you voluntarily and publicly disclose personal information on any online service or Web site - for example on message boards, through email, or in chat areas - that information can be collected and used by others. In short, if you post personal information online that is accessible to the public, you may receive unsolicited messages from other parties in return. Further, while we strive to protect your personal information, the CBSSportsStore.com partners cannot ensure or warrant the security of any information you transmit to us, and you do so at your own risk. You are solely responsible for maintaining the secrecy of your passwords and/or any account information. please be careful and responsible whenever you are online. 

**Use of Information**  
All of the information the CBSSportsStore.com partners collect, both what you tell us and what we collect through the use of cookies, is "aggregated" -- meaning that the information from many users is grouped together in a way that does not disclose the personal information of any particular user. We may use this aggregated information to evaluate which products and services are successful and which ones are not, and in order to evaluate which new services we should make available on our Web sites. We may use only the anonymous click stream data to help our advertisers deliver better-targeted advertisements. Except as otherwise provided herein, theCBSSportsStore.com partners will not disclose any information about any individual which is collected through this Web Site without such individual's consent, except to comply with applicable law, a valid legal process or to the extent the CBSSportsStore.com partners believe in good faith such disclosure is in response to a legitimate investigative inquiry request from a law enforcement agency in connection with activities on or through this Web Site. There may be cases in which some of your personal information may be used by the CBSSportsStore.com partners to target e-commerce promotions and telemarketing activities. In addition, it may be shared with Third parties who assist the CBSSportsStore.com partners in producing this Web Site or provide a service to this Web Sites' users. 

**Contacting the Web Site**  
If you have any questions about this Statement, the practices of the CBSSportsStore.com partners with respect to personal information through your dealings with this Web Site, you can write to: 

Customer Service  
CBSSports.com, Inc.  
Attn.: CBSSportsStore.com privacy Statement  
2200 W. Cypress Creek Road  
Fort Lauderdale, FL 33309  
Fax: 954-429-4199

If you have questions concerning your CBSSportsStore.com account or transactions through this Web Site you may contact our Customer Service at1-866-690-2381 or [customersupport@cbssportsstore.com](mailto:customersupport@cbssportsstore.com?%20subject=Privacy%20Policy%20Questions). 

**Third party Advertisers**  
The CBSSportsStore.com partners use the services of third-party network advertisers on this Web Site. Network advertisers are third parties that attempt to show customized advertisements based on visits to this Web Site and unrelated Web sites of others by your computer or web browser. Such third party advertiser may collect information from users of this Web Site. They each have separate privacy and data collection practices, independent of the CBSSportsStore.com partners and the CBSSportsStore.com partners have no responsibility or liability for these independent policies or actions. 

**Agents**  
We employ other businesses, certain services and individuals to perform functions on our behalf. Examples include fulfilling orders, sending e-mail, removing repetitive information from customer lists, Site analysis, analyzing data, providing marketing assistance, processing credit card payments, fraud screening, and providing customer service and fulfillment. These third parties are authorized to use personally identifiable information only to the extent needed to perform their functions on behalf of the CBSSportsStore.com partners. 

**Registration**  
If you place an order for products or services through this Web Site you will be asked to provide certain information in order to set up an CBSSportsStore.com account. Required information includes your name, billing address, shipping address, email address, phone number and applicable credit card information. We use customer contact information from this account to process and fulfill orders, to provide customer service and to send our users information about our company and promotional material from us and some of our partners. Financial information that is collected is used to bill the user for products and services. Users may opt out of receiving future mailings through the "My Account" section of this Web Site's help desk. Unique identifiers, such as ID and passwords, are collected to verify the user's identity and for use as account numbers in our record system. 

**Children Under the Age of 13**  
We do not currently collect any personally identifiable information from children who we know are under the age of thirteen. Under certain circumstances, visitors may be asked to submit a screen name as a means of identifying communications to theCBSSportsStore.compartners. Children of any age should always ask a parent for permission before sending personal information to anyone online. If in the future, the CBSSportsStore.com partners collect personally identifiable information from children who we know are under the age of thirteen, they will do so in compliance with the Children's Online privacy protection Act of 1998 (is U.S.C. 6501 et seq.) 

**Cookies**  
A cookie is a small data file that certain Web sites write to your hard drive when you visit them. A cookie file can contain information such as a user ID that the site uses to track the pages you've visited. But the only personal information a cookie can contain is information you supply yourself. Generally, cookies work by assigning a unique number to the user that has no meaning outside the assigning site. A cookie can't read data off your hard disk or read cookie files created by other sites. This random number lets us keep track of "how many" times customers are doing specific things - like visiting this Web Site each month - without really knowing who those customers are. We also use cookies to keep track of your shopping cart and to make sure you don't see the same ad repeatedly. We use cookies to deliver content specific to your interests and to save your account ID. Additionally, after you've entered your account ID and password during a session on this Web Site, we save that information so you don't have to reenter it repeatedly during that session. 

Users should be aware that the CBSSportsStore.com partners cannot control the use of cookies or the resulting information by advertisers or third parties hosting data for the CBSSportsStore.com partners. If a user does not want information collected through the use of cookies, there is a simple procedure in most browsers that allows the user to deny or accept the cookie feature; however, users should note that cookies maybe necessary to provide the user with certain features (e.g., customized delivery of information) available on this Web Site. 

**Surveys**  
Our online surveys ask visitors for their email address and demographic information. Demographic and profile data is also collected at this Web Site. We use this data to tailor our visitor's experience at this Web Site, showing them content and promotional offers that we think they might be interested in, and displaying the content according to their preferences. This information is shared with advertisers only on an aggregate basis. We may use contact data from our surveys to send the user information about our company and promotional material from theCBSSportsStore.compartners or some of our partners. Users may opt out of receiving future mailings. 

**Contests**  
From time to time, we may run contests on this Web Site in which we ask visitors for certain information. We use contact data from our contests to send users information about upcoming contests and promotional offers. On occasion we will email customers promotional material from some of our partners. Users may opt out of receiving future mailings. The customer's contact information is also used to contact the visitor when necessary for winner notification and prize delivery confirmation. The majority of the contests that we offer are hosted on this Web Site; however, there may be cases in which a third party sponsor will host the contest and collect user information. In those cases, we urge users to review the privacy statement of the third party site. 

**Newsletter**  
We offer a number of free newsletters with interested users to share content information about this Web Site. Users may cancel their free email subscriptions by following the simple instructions at the bottom of each newsletter or email. 

**Security**  
The CBSSportsStore.com partners utilize a variety of security measures to maintain the safety of your personal information. All user contact information is contained behind a "firewall" and only accessible by a limited number of employees who have special access rights to production systems. passwords and credit card numbers are encrypted in the CBSSportsStore.com partners' secure database, which is also located behind a firewall. All sensitive credit card information supplied by users is transmitted via Secure Socket Layer (SSL) technology and then encrypted in the CBSSportsStore.com partners databases as stated above. 

**Modification of Information**  
If you choose to modify your personal information, you may do so by clicking on the "My Account" section of the help desk area of this Web Site. You will be required to submit a valid user ID and password for authentication before you will be able to modify your file. If you have forgotten your password or prefer to speak with a customer service representative to modify your personal information, you may contact customer service at 1-866-690-2381. If you desire to change your password, the customer service representative will reset to a new one after you have properly identified yourself. 
