> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the recordsetter.com privacy policy that was archived on 2013-06-09. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20130609181526id_/http%3A//recordsetter.com/privacy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# RecordSetter Privacy Policy

Effective Date: 11/15/2008

Last Updated: 6/28/2011

Welcome to the RecordSetter. RecordSetter.com and URDB.org (the "RecordSetter sites") are operated by Universal Record Database, LLC (collectively referred to as "RecordSetter," "us," or "we"). RecordSetter cares about your privacy and urges you to read this policy ("Privacy Policy"). This Privacy Policy describes how RecordSetter treats the personal information acquired when you (also referred to as the "User" or "your") use RecordSetter’s services, including a description of what information RecordSetter collects, how it is used, and how you can contact RecordSetter regarding the information that is collected or your questions or concerns. This Privacy Policy does not apply to the practices of companies that RecordSetter does not own or control, or to individuals that RecordSetter does not employ or manage, and it is only applicable on the RecordSetter sites. This Privacy Policy is incorporated into and is subject to the RecordSetter [Terms of Use](http://recordsetter.com/terms). If you do not agree to the terms of this Privacy Policy or the Terms of Use, please do not provide RecordSetter with any information and do not use the RecordSetter sites. 

RecordSetter reserves the right to periodically modify this Privacy Policy in any manner, including, but not limited to, revising, adding, or removing portions or the entirety of this Privacy Policy. If we do exercise this right, we will attempt to notify you that a modification has occurred at the e-mail address that you have provided us; however, RecordSetter is not liable if we are unable to contact you. Any modification is effective upon the posting of the modified Privacy Policy on the RecordSetter sites by Universal Record Database, LLC. Your continued use of the RecordSetter sites indicates that you have read, understand, and agree to be bound by the modified Privacy Policy. 

## 1\. INFORMATION WE COLLECT 

  * **Personal Information Provided:** RecordSetter collects personally identifiable information you voluntarily submit to us, including information you provide when sending us an e-mail. We also collect personally identifiable information that you upload, post, or otherwise transmit to us for public display online, including, but not limited to, any data, text, information, screen names, graphics, photos, accounts, audio and video clips, links, or any other material (collectively "Content"), regardless of who ultimately uploads, posts, or otherwise transmits the materials for display on the RecordSetter sites. Additionally, when you ask us to verify a record, we collect the following information: identification of the record setter, your e-mail address, the record title, the quantifiable data relating to the record, a description of the record attempt, the name and e-mail addresses of at least two witnesses to the record, the location where the record was set, tags to help categorize the record, and media documenting the record attempt. All information that you provide us to verify a record is considered information uploaded, posted, or otherwise transmitted to us for public display except for your e-mail address and the names and e-mail addresses of your witnesses to the record.
  * **Cookies and General Usage Activity:** Browsing user-posted records, making comments regarding records on the RecordSetter sites, and contacting us about a particular posting is considered “General Usage Activity.” RecordSetter may record information about your General Usage Activity, including, but not limited to, when you use RecordSetter, the groups and favorites you subscribe to, the contacts you communicate with, the videos you watch, the frequency and size of data transfers, your IP address, your browser type and version, and information you display or click on in RecordSetter.

Your General Usage Activity on RecordSetter may result in the installation of "cookies" (which are bits of information stored on your hard drive by your browser) and "clear GIFs" (which are invisible images that are also known as "Web Beacons") to: (a) store information so that you will not have to re-enter it during your visit or the next time you visit RecordSetter; (b) provide custom, personalized content and information; (c) monitor the effectiveness of our marketing campaigns; (d) monitor aggregate metrics such as total number of visitors, pages viewed, etc.; and (e) track your entries, submissions, and status in promotions, sweepstakes, and contests. Although you may disable cookies and clear GIFs in your browser, doing so may limit your availability to use certain features on the RecordSetter sites. We may also use cookies and clear GIFs in some of our HTML-based marketing e-mails or newsletters sent to our Users to track which e-mails are opened by the recipients.

  * **Third-party Information:** In addition to the cookies RecordSetter may install to facilitate your use of the RecordSetter sites, our advertising partners that display third-party advertisements on the RecordSetter sites may also install cookies. These cookies allow the ad server to recognize your computer each time they send you an online advertisement to compile information about you or others who use your computer. This information allows advertising networks to, among other things, deliver targeted advertisements that they believe will be of most interest to you. This Privacy Policy only covers the collection and use of information by RecordSetter; it does not cover the collection and use of information by any third-parties whose services you may access via the RecordSetter sites. In order to understand what information these third parties gather and how they use it, you must review the relevant third party's policies.

Additionally, some Content on RecordSetter may be hosted on third party sites, including, but not limited to, our videos. Some information may be collected by these third party sites in connection with their use. Again, this Privacy Policy only covers the collection and use of information by RecordSetter; it does not cover the collection and use of information by any third-parties whose services you may access via the RecordSetter sites. In order to understand what information these third parties gather and how they use it, you must review the relevant third party's policies.




## 2\. INTERNAL INFORMATION USE 

  * **E-Mail address:** RecordSetter may use your e-mail address without further consent for non-marketing or administrative purposes, such as notifying you of major changes to the RecordSetter site or for customer service purposes. RecordSetter will not use your e-mail address or other personally identifiable information to send commercial or marketing messages without your consent or except as part of a specific program or feature for which you will have the ability to opt-in or opt-out.
  * **Other Personal Information Provided:** If you voluntarily provide us with personally identifiable information, RecordSetter will use your personal information to operate, maintain, and provide to you the general and personalized features and functionality of RecordSetter, and to process any correspondence you send to us. Additionally, any personal information that you upload, post, or otherwise transmit to us for public display online becomes publicly available and can be collected and used by others. Indeed, your record documentation may be redistributed through the Internet and other media channels, and may be viewed by the general public. However, the personal information you provide us for your witnesses to the record is only used by RecordSetter to contact the witnesses to verify the record and to obtain information if RecordSetter has questions regarding the record, and it is not shared with any third parties. Similarly, we will only use your provided e-mail address in a request to verify a record or to contact you about that record. Note, however, that if you have also provided that e-mail address in your Member Profile, you are choosing to make it publicly available and additional uses may be made as described above.
  * **Cookies and General Usage Activity:** Only RecordSetter has access to any cookies or clear GIFs RecordSetter installs on your computer. RecordSetter uses the data we collect about General Usage Activity in conjunction with the information provided in your Member Profile to improve the quality and design of RecordSetter and to create new features, promotions, functionality, and services by storing, tracking, analyzing, and processing User preferences and trends, as well as User activity and communications.
  * **Third-party Information:** As noted above, this Privacy Policy only covers the collection and use of information by RecordSetter; it does not cover the collection and use of information by any third-parties whose services you may access via the RecordSetter sites. In order to understand what information these third parties gather and how they use it, you must review the relevant third party's policies.



##  3\. THIRD-PARTY INFORMATION USE

RecordSetter will not sell your personally identifiable information to third parties for marketing purposes. RecordSetter may share or sell to third parties aggregate information in a form that does not include anything that could be used to identify you or to discover individual information about you. This includes, but is not limited to, the sharing and selling of aggregate General Usage Data or demographic information about our users and their use of the RecordSetter sites.

RecordSetter also reserves the right to distribute User records to third parties for public or private display, with or without monetary gain, from the time of posting into perpetuity. By posting a record to RecordSetter, you acknowledge and assent to this right. Unlike aggregate information, the records may include information that could be used to identify you, such as the name you provide as the record holder as well as your personal likeness or image in any documentation of the record. If RecordSetter undergoes a sale, merger, consolidation, change in control, transfer of substantial assets, reorganization or liquidation, all of RecordSetter's accumulated information, including, but not limited to, personally identifiable information will be treated as an asset. Like other business assets, this information will be subject to transfer to or acquisition by a third party. The acquiring party will assume the rights and obligations regarding this information as described in this Privacy Policy.

RecordSetter may also disclose your personally identifiable information if we are required to do so by law or we in good faith believe that such action is necessary to (1) comply with the law or with legal process; (2) protect and defend RecordSetter's rights and property; (3) protect against misuse or unauthorized use of RecordSetter; or (4) protect the personal safety or property of our Users, including you, or the public. This includes, but is not limited to, the disclosure of personally identifiable information to law enforcement officials if you provide false information or attempt to pose as someone else as part of any investigation into your actions.

##  4\. SECURITY 

RecordSetter takes many precautions to keep your personal information secure from unauthorized access, misuse, or alteration. This includes internal corporate policies to limit access to systems that store your personal information. However, the Internet is an open system and technology and human operators are not infallible. Accordingly, we cannot ensure or warrant the security of any information transmitted to us over the Internet, and we accept no liability for any unintentional disclosure.

##  5\. MODIFYING/DELETING PERSONAL INFORMATION

You may review, update, correct, or request us to remove any personal information you have provided us at any time by e-mailing us at privacy@urdb.org .

##  6\. A SPECIAL NOTE REGARDING CHILDREN

RecordSetter is not intended for use by people under the age of 18. The RecordSetter sites target an audience over the age of 18 and some content may not be appropriate for all ages. RecordSetter does not intend to collect, nor does it knowingly collect any personal information from children under the age of 13. However, if you are the parent or guardian of a child under 13 and believe that he or she has disclosed personal information to us, please contact us at privacy@urdb.org . Upon request, the parent or guardian of a child under 13 may review and request the deletion of such child's personal information, as well as refuse to permit the further collection or use of such personal information.

## 7\. CONTACTING US ABOUT THIS PRIVACY POLICY

If you have any questions or concerns about this Privacy Policy after reading the above information, please contact us at privacy@urdb.org . You may also contact us by mail at RecordSetter .
