> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the recruitee.com privacy policy that was archived on 2017-03-18. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20170318054721id_/https%3A//recruitee.com/privacy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy Policy | Recruitee

This document sets out the Privacy Policy of Recruitee B.V (Company number 63881829) at Herengracht 182, 1016BR, Amsterdam and govern your privacy and related matters by using the website, including the parts of the website accessed by Recruitee Subscribers and users. Please read these Terms carefully before using the website and Recruitee services. By agreeing to the Terms required to use the Service, you are accepting the practices described in this Privacy Policy (the "Privacy Policy"). Capitalized terms used but not defined in the Privacy Policy have the meanings ascribed to them in the Terms of Use. 

**1\. Information that Recruitee collects** When you visit our Site or use our Service you may provide us with two types of information: personal information you actively choose to disclose ("Active Information’’) and non-personally identifiable information collected, in a way not visible to you, on an aggregate basis as you and others use our Site ("Passive Information"). These two types of information are referred to collectively as "Subscriber Information." 

**1.1 Active Information You Provide** In order to use the Service, we require you to disclose the following information: full legal name, valid e-mail address and, if you are a client, your full company name. Additionally, if you choose to post information through our Service or engage in email, regular mail, telephone or other contact with us, we may retain information disclosed thereby as well. Job candidates can apply for jobs of our Clients by using online forms, which contain additional information such as resumes, motivation letters, answers to questions and additional personal information /work history. 

**1.2 Passive Information Collected** Our Site and the Service utilize a standard technology called cookies to collect information about how our Site and Service is used. Passive Information gathered may include but is not limited to the date and time of visits, the Site pages viewed, time spent at our Site, a logging of activities, and the sites visited just before and just after our Site. 

**1.3 Cookies** Cookies are a feature of web browser software that allow web servers to recognize the computer used to access a Site. They are small pieces of data that that we transfer to your computer’s hard drive to enable our systems to recognize your browser, simplify subsequent interactions with our Site and streamline your use of the site. 

**2\. Use of Information Collected** Individuals we employ directly, or as contractors or agents at our direction, use Active Information for purposes of administering our business activities, providing Subscriber services such as support, and making available other products or services we think may be of interest to our users and to job candidates. Recruitee will never use or sell information provided by you or by Candidates, in any other way then for supporting the Services. We may use the Active Information or Passive Information you provide to us to contact you about changes to our Site and Service, new Service, features or products we offer, or other information we think you might find valuable, as well as to provide or enhance features of our Site and Service. Active information includes, but is not limited to include information from Job candidates by using online forms, which contain additional information such as resumes, motivation letters, answers to questions and additional personal information, and work history. If at any time you do not wish to receive such information from us, please send us an email to that effect to hello@recruitee.com. We also use Passive Information to gather information about our users and to enhance and design our Site to make it easier, faster and friendlier to use. Additionally, Passive Information help us know information about how many people visit our Site, when they visit and how they use our service. We do not connect any of this information to your personal information or email address. All rights of intellectual property of Subscriber to data, information, Subscriber Content, trademarks and trade names are and will remain the property of Subscriber, and Subscriber Content will only be processed by Recruitee only on behalf of Subsriber. 

**3\. Sharing Information with Others** In addition to as described above, we may share Subscriber Information (not content) with others in the following situations: 

**3.1 Business Transactions** As we continue to develop our business, we might become involved in financing transactions or business transactions involving the sale or license of our assets or business units. In either case, Subscriber Information often is disclosed on a confidential basis or is one of the transferred business assets but remains subject to the promises made in any pre-existing Privacy Policy (unless, of course, the Subscriber consents otherwise). Also, in the event the Company is merged with another company or acquired, or substantially all of its assets are acquired, Subscriber Information will be one of the transferred assets. Protection of Recruitee and Others: We release Subscriber Information when we believe release is appropriate to comply with the law or legitimate requests of law enforcement officials; enforce or apply our Terms and other agreements; or protect the rights, property, or safety of the Company, our users, job candidates or others. This includes exchanging information with other companies and organizations for fraud protection and credit risk reduction. This does not, however, include selling, renting, sharing, or otherwise disclosing personally identifiable information from Subscribers for commercial purposes in violation of the commitments set forth in this Privacy Policy. Non-Personally Identifiable Information: We may disclose anonymous Passive Information about user habits, characteristics and user patterns, based on aggregate user statistics to advertisers on our Site or others. 

**3.2 Security of Subscriber Information** We secure your Subscriber Information by using commercially reasonable, industry-standard measures to prevent unauthorized access or disclosure, or accidental loss, disclosure or destruction thereof. However, even very good security measures may fail to prevent computer hacking or other breaches of security, and we can provide no guarantees that the same will not occur. Additionally, our postings on this Site and other communications you may have with us via email or regular mail may not be secure unless we advise you that security measures are in place prior to your sending information. Therefore, if you choose to communicate with us through these means, you are assuming the risk of doing so and we request that you do not send or post sensitive information through those means. 

**3.3 Other Websites** You may be able to access other websites through our Site and/or Service. When you do so you are thereby subject to those other sites policies regarding privacy and data collection and you should read those sites' privacy policies to make sure you agree to them before using such sites. When you choose to visit such sites, you should read their privacy policies and terms of use to make sure you agree with them. 

**4\. Email security handling** Until May 2016, this application is built using Context.IO technology. By signing up or using this application, you understand and agree that DokDok, Inc., its parent company, Return Path, Inc. and their affiliates (collectively "Context.IO Providers"), who provide Context.IO, will have access to your information and will be permitted to use that information in accordance with Return Path's Privacy Policy http://returnpath.com/data-privacy-policy/. If you wish to opt-out of sharing your information with Context.IO Providers, you may do so at https://optout.context.io/. 

**5\. Opting Out/Correcting or Deleting Personal Information** If you desire not to receive information about products or services we think may be of interest to you or if you wish to delete or correct your information, please send an e‐mail to hello@recruitee.com. 

**6\. Changes to Our Privacy Policy** Our Privacy Policy may change from time to time. Recruitee B.V. reserves the right, at its discretion, to modify this Privacy Policy at any time by posting a notice on the Site, or by sending you a notice via e-mail. You will be responsible for reviewing and becoming familiar with any such modifications. Your use of the Site and/or the Service following such notification constitutes Subscriber's acceptance of the terms and conditions of this Agreement as modified. Unless stated otherwise, our current Privacy Policy applies to all information that we have about you and your account. 
