> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the 3g.co.uk privacy policy that was archived on 2019-08-08. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20190808170741id_/https%3A//3g.co.uk/privacy-policy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy Policy

3G.co.uk Limited (“3G.co.uk”, “We” or “Us”) is committed to ensuring that your privacy is protected. Should we ask you to provide certain information by which you can be identified when using this website, then you can be assured that it will only be used in accordance with this privacy statement.

This policy explains the personal data we may collect from you through our website, which is used to improve the service you receive when using our website.

## What data do you we collect?

3G.co.uk may collect the following information about you:

  * Personal information such as email address, name, job title and company name.



## How do we collect your data?

You directly provide the information we collect when you:

  * Register to receive our newsletter through our website
  * Contact us through our website



## How do we use your data?

We collect your data so we can:

  * Send out a newsletter to your email address
  * Reply to your contact request



## How do we store your data?

We do not store data on our own servers, but data is stored with select third parties such as:

  * Mailchimp – When entering personal information on our website on our GDPR compliant newsletter signup forms information is stored on Mailchimp’s servers. [Read more about Mailchimp policy](https://mailchimp.com/legal/privacy/)
  * Google Analytics - Anonymous information is sent to Google Analytics to help improve the use of our website.  No personal identifiable information is taken, and no data is stored locally. [Read more about Google Analytics Privacy policy](https://privacy.google.com/businesses/compliance/#!?modal_active=none)



## What are your rights?

  * The right to access



You have the right to request copies of your personal data. We may charge you a small fee for this service.

  * The right to rectification



You have the right to request our company to correct any information you believe to be inaccurate or incomplete.

  * The right to erasure



You have the right to request that our company to erase your personal data, under certain circumstances

## What are cookies?

A cookie is a small file which asks permission to be placed on your computer's hard drive. Once you agree, the file is added and the cookie helps analyse web traffic or lets you know when you visit a particular site. Cookies allow web applications to respond to you as an individual. The web application can tailor its operations to your needs, likes and dislikes by gathering and remembering information about your preferences. [Find out more in our cookie policy](https://3g.co.uk/how-we-use-cookies)

## How to contact us?

You may request details of personal information which we hold about you under the Data Protection Act 1998. A small fee will be payable. If you would like a copy of the information held on you, please email us at: [admin@3g.co.uk](mailto:admin@3g.co.uk)

If you believe that any information, we are holding on you is incorrect or incomplete, please email us as soon as possible, at admin@4G.co.uk. We will promptly correct any information found to be incorrect.
