> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the ridemetro.org privacy policy that was archived on 2015-05-25. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20150525171901id_/http%3A//www.ridemetro.org/Privacy.aspx) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# METRO Privacy Policy

   
The Metropolitan Transit Authority of Harris County, (METRO), maintains this website as a service to the public. The following privacy policy should not be construed as giving specific legal advice. All information collected on this website, including the summary server log information, emails sent to the website, and information collected from web-based forms, may be subject to the Texas Public Information Act, (Chapter 552, Texas Government Code). Please note that, with certain exceptions, the majority of information collected or maintained by METRO may be subject to the provisions of the Texas Public Information Act (Chapter 552, Texas Government Code) for disclosure to the public upon request. If you send METRO an electronic mail message with a question or comment that contains personally identifying information, or fill out a form and electronically send it to METRO, this information may be subject to disclosure. This information will not be disclosed to a third party unless required by law, court order, or as legally required to do so in connection with law enforcement investigations or other legal proceedings. We will not sell or release your email address unless you affirmatively consent to its release. Please note that using METRO's website shall constitute affirmative consent to release your email address.
