> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the pective.com privacy policy that was archived on 2014-02-09. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20140209065549id_/http%3A//pective.com/privacy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy

It is Pective's policy to respect your privacy regarding any information we may collect while operating our website. 

**Website Visitors**  
Like most website operators, Pective collects non-personally-identifying information of the sort that web browsers and servers typically make available, such as the browser type, language preference, referring site, and the date and time of each visitor request. Pective's purpose in collecting non-personally identifying information is to better understand how Pective's visitors use its website. From time to time, Pective may release non-personally-identifying information in the aggregate, e.g., by publishing a report on trends in the usage of its website. 

Pective also collects potentially personally-identifying information like Internet Protocol (IP) addresses. Pective does not use such information to identify its visitors, however, and does not disclose such information, other than under the same circumstances that it uses and discloses personally-identifying information, as described below. 

**Gathering of Personally-Identifying Information**  
Certain visitors to Pective's websites choose to interact with Pective in ways that require Pective to gather personally-identifying information. The amount and type of information that Pective gathers depends on the nature of the interaction. Those who engage in transactions with Pective are asked to provide additional information, including as necessary the personal and financial information required to process those transactions. In each case, Pective collects such information only insofar as is necessary or appropriate to fulfill the purpose of the visitor's interaction with Pective. Pective does not disclose personally-identifying information other than as described below. And visitors can always refuse to supply personally-identifying information, with the caveat that it may prevent them from engaging in certain website-related activities. 

**Aggregated Statistics**  
Pective may collect statistics about the behavior of visitors to its websites. Pective may display this information publicly or provide it to others. However, Pective does not disclose personally-identifying information other than as described below. 

**Protection of Certain Personally-Identifying Information**  
Pective discloses potentially personally-identifying and personally-identifying information only to those of its employees, contractors and affiliated organizations that (i) need to know that information in order to process it on Pective's behalf or to provide services available at Pective's websites, and (ii) that have agreed not to disclose it to others. Some of those employees, contractors and affiliated organizations may be located outside of your home country; by using Pective's websites, you consent to the transfer of such information to them. Pective will not rent or sell potentially personally-identifying and personally-identifying information to anyone. Other than to its employees, contractors and affiliated organizations, as described above, Pective discloses potentially personally-identifying and personally-identifying information only when required to do so by law, or when Pective believes in good faith that disclosure is reasonably necessary to protect the property or rights of Pective, third parties or the public at large. If you are a registered user of an Pective website and have supplied your email address, Pective may occasionally send you an email to tell you about new features, solicit your feedback, or just keep you up to date with what's going on with Pective and our products. We primarily use our various product blogs to communicate this type of information, so we expect to keep this type of email to a minimum. If you send us a request (for example via a support email or via one of our feedback mechanisms), we reserve the right to publish it in order to help us clarify or respond to your request or to help us support other users. Pective takes all measures reasonably necessary to protect against the unauthorized access, use, alteration or destruction of potentially personally-identifying and personally-identifying information. 

**Cookies**  
A cookie is a string of information that a website stores on a visitor's computer, and that the visitor's browser provides to the website each time the visitor returns. Pective uses cookies to help Pective identify and track visitors, their usage of Pective website, and their website access preferences. Pective visitors who do not wish to have cookies placed on their computers should set their browsers to refuse cookies before using Pective's websites, with the drawback that certain features of Pective's websites may not function properly without the aid of cookies. 

**Ads**  
We use third-party advertising companies to serve ads when you visit our website. These companies may use information (not including your name, address, email address, or telephone number) about your visits to this and other websites in order to provide advertisements about goods and services of interest to you. If you would like more information about this practice and to know your choices about not having this information used by these companies, [click here](http://www.google.com/privacy_ads.html). 

**Privacy Policy Changes**  
Although most changes are likely to be minor, Pective may change its Privacy Policy from time to time, and in Pective's sole discretion. Pective encourages visitors to frequently check this page for any changes to its Privacy Policy. Your continued use of this site after any change in this Privacy Policy will constitute your acceptance of such change. 

_This privacy policy is shared under a Creative Commons Sharealike license courtesy[Wordpress](http://www.wordpress.com/)._
