> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the welldonestuff.com privacy policy that was archived on 2018-06-29. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20180629153540id_/http%3A//welldonestuff.com/privacy-policy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy Policy – | Well Done Stuff

Thank you for visiting Well Done Stuff. Please read this Privacy Policy and our [TOS](http://welldonestuff.com/terms-and-conditions) carefully, as you must agree to both documents in order to use our Service. The following Privacy Policy apply to all Services provided by Well Done Stuff (“Well Done Stuff,” “we,” “us,” or “our”) to you.

  1. **APPLICATION OF TERMS**
    1. This Privacy Policy applies to all Services provided by Well Done Stuff to all Users and represents the entire agreement and understanding between Well Done Stuff and the User, and supersedes any other written or oral agreement. 
    2. By registering for and/or using the Services in any manner, including but not limited to visiting or browsing the Website, you agree to this Privacy Policy and all other operating rules, policies and procedures that may be published from time to time on the Website by us, each of which is incorporated by reference and each of which may be updated from time to time. However, you may change your privacy preferences anytime.
    3. The current Privacy Policy is always available on Well Done Stuff’s Website. Upon notice published on its Website, Well Done Stuff may modify and/or amplify this Privacy Policy, as well as discontinue or change Services offered.


  1. **DEFINITIONS**


  1.     1. “User,” and/or “You” mean you, as an individual that uses the Services Well Done Stuff provide, including but not limited to general visitors of the Website.  
“Well Done Stuff” means the entity delivering the Services to you as set out on the Website and any of its subsidiaries or affiliated entities.  
“Service” or “Services” means any and all services provided by Well Done Stuff under this TOS and any other services requested by you which may be provided from time to time as set out on the Website.  
“Content” includes, without limitation, information, data, text, photographs, videos, audio clips, written posts, articles, comments, software, scripts, graphics, and interactive features generated, provided, or otherwise made accessible on or through the Services.  
“Use License” means a worldwide, non-exclusive, non-sublicensable and non-transferable license to use (i.e., to download and display locally) Content, of which we grant each User of for the Services subject to this Terms of Service. Use, reproduction, modification, distribution or storage of any Content for other than purposes of using the Services is expressly prohibited without prior written permission from us. You shall not sell, license, rent, or otherwise use or exploit any Content for commercial use or in any way that violates any third party right.  
“Website” means www.welldonestuff.com website pertaining to Well Done Stuff.


  1. **INFORMATION COLLECTED**


  1.     1. This Privacy Policy covers the treatment of personally identifiable information and/or personal data (“Personal Information”), and other information stated in this policy, gathered when you are using or accessing the Services, and our treatment of any Personal Information we collected. Personal Information is information relating to an identified or identifiable natural person. An identifiable natural person is one who can be identified, directly or indirectly, by reference to an identifier such as a name, an identification number, location data, an online identifier, or to one or more factors specific to the physical, physiological, genetic, mental, economic, cultural or social identity of that natural person. We collect relevant personal information from you when you use our Services.
    2. This Privacy Policy does not apply to the practices of third parties that we do not own or control, including any third-party websites, services and applications, such as Facebook (“Third Party Services”) that you elect to access through the Service. We encourage you to carefully review the privacy policies of any third-party services you access.
    3. We collect certain personal information from you when you sign up to our Service that can be used to identify you, such as your name, e-mail address, payment information (if necessary), mailing address, telephone number, and any other information that we deem necessary for the purpose of providing you with our Service or which you provide to us voluntarily. Furthermore, whenever you visit our Website, we may collect non-identifying information from you, your web log data, such as your IP address, user agent, referring URL, browser, operating system, cookie information, and Internet Service Provider; operating system and device type; your location, and the language option you choose in your device. Without additional legal requests or records from a third party, this information alone cannot usually be used to identify you. The information we collect from you, to the extent that it is private, is disclosed only in accordance with our Terms of Service and/or this Privacy Policy.
    4. We partner up with companies and tools in order to enrich your experience on our Website. Albeit our partners may alternate in time, in order to ensure transparency, we will be enlisting our partners to inform you and give you the opportunity to check our partners privacy policies as well. We use Taboola as native advertising and content discovery platform; Freestar to display advertising solutions; Playbuzz as content publishing platform; StackCommerce as native commerce platform; JW Player as video player software; Facebook Social Share, LinkedIn, and Spot.im as social media plug-ins; and Google Analytics for web analytics software.
    5. We use cookies to enable our servers to recognize your web browser and gather information on frequency of your visiting the Website, share Content, and otherwise use our Service. This Privacy Policy covers our use of cookies only and does not cover the use of cookies by third parties. We do not control or monitor when or how third parties place cookies on your computer. 
    6. We use third party individuals and organizations to assist us, including contractors, web hosts, and other real persons and legal entities. Additionally, we use your personal information to provide and improve our Services, provide you with a personalized experience on our sites, provide you with personalized advertising and marketing, and to detect, prevent, mitigate and investigate fraudulent or illegal activities. Throughout the course of our provision of our Service to you, we may delegate our authority to collect, access, use, and disseminate your information. For this reason, you hereby agree that for every authorization which you grant to us in this Privacy Policy, you also grant to any third party that we may hire, contract, or otherwise retain the services of for the purpose of operating, maintaining, repairing, or otherwise improving or preserving our website or its underlying files or systems. You also agree not to hold us liable for the actions of any of these third parties.
    7. Well Done Stuff may share or release your information in response to a request from a government agency or a private litigant for legal purposes. You agree that we may disclose your information to a third party where we believe, that it required to do so for the purposes of a civil action, criminal investigation, or other legal matters. You release us from any damages that may arise from or relate to the share or release of your information to a request from law enforcement agencies or private litigants.
    8. Your information may be transferred to and maintained on computers, servers and/or databases located outside of your governmental jurisdiction where the privacy laws may be different from your jurisdiction. Your consent to this Privacy Policy followed by your submission of such information represents your irrevocable agreement to that transfer.
    9. By providing information to us that forms the basis of communications with you, such as contact information, you waive all rights to file complaints concerning unsolicited e-mails from Well Done Stuff since, by providing such information, you agree to receive communications from us or anyone else covered under this Privacy Policy. However, you may unsubscribe from certain communications at any time by notifying Well Done Stuff.
    10. Well Done Stuff may amend this Privacy Policy from time to time. In case of any amendments, we will update Privacy Policy on our Website accordingly. You must read this page each time that you use the Website.
    11. As a Turkish Company, Well Done Stuff is subject to Law numbered 6698 on Data Protection (“KVKK”), hence it acts accordingly to the regulations on data protection. Your personal data will be processed by Well Done Stuff with your explicit consent. By approving this Privacy Policy, you will be deemed as given explicit consent per se. Users have the right to; learn whether or not their personal data have been processed; request information as to processing if their data have been processed; learn the purpose of processing of the personal data and whether data are used in accordance with their purpose; know the third parties in the country or abroad to whom personal data have been transferred; request rectification in case personal data are processed incompletely or inaccurately; request deletion or destruction of personal data; request notification of the operations to third parties to whom personal data have been transferred; object to occurrence of any result that is to her/his detriment by means of analysis of personal data exclusively through automated systems; request compensation for the damages in case the person incurs damages due to unlawful processing of personal data by applying to Well Done Stuff, as stated in KVKK. You are expected to apply in writing to our company address with the documents proving your identity in order to benefit from your rights arising from KVKK.
    12. Additionally, we comply with EU General Data Protection Regulation (“GDPR”). We respect your right to access, correct, request deletion or request restriction of our usage of your personal information as required by GDPR. We also take steps to ensure that the personal information we collect is accurate and up to date. You have the right to know what personal information we maintain about you. We will provide you with a copy of your personal information in a commonly used format on request. If your personal information is incorrect or incomplete, you may ask us to update it. You have the right to object to our processing of your personal information, and you can also ask us to delete or restrict how we use your personal information. Nevertheless, if you request us to delete or restrict your personal information use, this may impact your access to some of our Services.
    13. Should you have any questions, comments or concerns regarding this Privacy Policy or privacy issues arising from using the Services, please send us a detailed message to: [contact@welldonestuff.com](mailto:contact@welldonestuff.com) or by post: Incilipinar Mah. Prof.Muammer Aksoy BLV. 36011 Nolu Sok Milenyum Is Merkezi C Blok Kat.1 No:37 27090 Gaziantep/Turkey


