> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the wellstar.org privacy policy that was archived on 2007-12-15. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20071215202254id_/http%3A//wellstar.org/assets/A105E6C8-CD2C-421E-A32E-67971EAFFEEA.pdf) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# 

                                                                                         WELLSTAR HEALTH SYSTEM JOINT NOTICE OF PRIVACY PRACTICES
                                                                                                                        Effective 9/15/05 (Rev. 1)
                        THIS NOTICE DESCRIBES HOW MEDICAL INFORMATION ABOUT YOU MAY BE USED AND DISCLOSED AND HOW YOU CAN GET ACCESS TO THIS INFORMATION.
                                                                                                                   PLEASE READ IT CAREFULLY.
                                                                                           FEDERAL LAW REQUIRES US TO PROVIDE YOU WITH THIS NOTICE
                                                                                    If you have any questions, contact the Chief Privacy Officer at the information listed below.
Under the Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act of 1996 (“HIPAA”) and subsequent Privacy Regulations,
WellStar Health System, Inc. (“WellStar”), on behalf of itself and its Affiliates, as defined below (collectively, the “WellStar        Research: Under certain circumstances, we may use and disclose medical information about you for research purposes. For
Health System”), is required to give you a copy of this Notice that describes our uses and disclosures of your medical information      example, a research project may involve comparing the health and recovery of all patients who received one medication to those
and your rights related to that information.                                                                                            who received another, for the same condition. All research projects, however, are subject to a special approval process. This
                                                                                                                                        process evaluates a proposed research project and its use of medical information, trying to balance the research needs with patients’
                                      ACTIVITIES OF AFFILIATED COVERED ENTITIES                                                         need for privacy of their medical information. Before we use or disclose medical information for research, the project will have
The HIPAA Privacy Regulations allow multiple, legally separate health care providers, to elect to be treated as a single entity         been approved through this research approval process. However, we may disclose medical information about you to people
called an “Affiliated Covered Entity” or “ACE” if they are under common ownership or control. WellStar and its affiliates               preparing to conduct a research project, for example, to help them look for patients with specific medical needs, so long as the
specified below (“Affiliates”) have elected ACE status (the “WellStar ACE”). We may disclose and share information about you            medical information they review does not leave the Hospital without your authorization.
to the Members participating in the WellStar ACE in connection with our services, your treatment and other activities of the
WellStar ACE.                                                                                                                           Organ, Eye and Tissue Donation: If you are an organ donor, we may release medical information to organizations that handle
                                                                                                                                        organ procurement or organ, eye or tissue transplantation or to an organ donation bank, as necessary to facilitate organ or tissue
                                                        WellStar ACE Members                                                            donation and transplantation.
                     Cobb Hospital, Inc.                                     Paulding Medical Center, Inc.                              Coroners and Medical Examiners: We may also disclose your information to a coroner, medical examiner or funeral director in
                    CHS Foundation, Inc.                                        WellStar Foundation, Inc.                               order for them to perform their authorized duties.
                   Douglas Hospital, Inc.                                     WellStar Health System, Inc.
                                                                                                                                        Workers’ Compensation: We may release your medical information as it relates to a work-related injury or illness for workers’
                  Kennestone Hospital, Inc.                                     Windy Hill Hospital, Inc.                               compensation.
Facilities, practice groups, and programs provided through or offered by WellStar ACE Members include, but are not limited to:          Military and Veterans: We may use and disclose your medical information as required by military command if you are a member
                                                                                                                                        of the U.S. or foreign armed forces.
              Facilities and Practice Groups                                            Programs
                                                                                                                                        Minors: We may use and disclose certain types of your medical information to your parents or guardian, in accordance with
                   WellStar Cobb Hospital                                             Atherton Place                                    applicable Georgia law, if you are under the age of 18.
                 WellStar Douglas Hospital                                          Behavioral Health
               WellStar Kennestone Hospital                                      Chemical Dependency                                    Protective Services for President, National Security and Intelligence Activities: We may use and disclose you medical
                                                                                                                                        information to authorized federal officials in order for them to protect the President, foreign heads of state, or others, as well as to
               WellStar Windy Hill Hospital                                       Employee Assistance
                                                                                                                                        conduct special investigations for intelligence, counter intelligence and other national security activities.
                 WellStar Paulding Hospital                                          Good Life Club
             WellStar Paulding Nursing Center                                          Health Place                                     Inmates: We may use and disclose your medical information to the correctional institution in which you are held or law
                 WellStar Physicians Group                                              HomeCare                                        enforcement officer if you are under custody.
               WellStar Urgent Care Centers                                              Hospice
                                                                                                                                        Hospital Directory: We may include certain limited information about you in a Hospital directory while you are a patient at a
                                                                                                                                        WellStar Hospital. This information may include your name, location in the Hospital, your general condition (e.g., fair, stable,
                       ACTIVITIES OF WELLSTAR ORGANIZED HEALTH CARE ARRANGEMENTS
                                                                                                                                        etc.) and your religious affiliation. The directory information, except your religious affiliation, may also be released to people who
                                                                                                                                        ask for you by name. Your religious affiliation may be given to a member of the clergy, such as a priest or rabbi, even if they don’t
The HIPAA Privacy Regulations also allow Covered Entities who participate in an organized health care arrangement or “OHCA”
                                                                                                                                        ask for you by name. This is so your family, friends and clergy can visit you in the Hospital and generally know how you are
to comply with the HIPAA Notice requirements by the issuance of a joint notice. One type of an OHCA is a clinically integrated
                                                                                                                                        doing. If you do not want this information given out, please tell the Admissions staff.
care setting where individuals receive health care from more than one health care provider, such as in a hospital. Each hospital
operated by a WellStar ACE Member (the “WellStar Hospitals”) and the physicians on the Medical Staff of each respective
                                                                                                                                        Marketing: Occasionally, we may use information about you to contact you in an effort to raise funds for the WellStar Hospitals or
WellStar Hospital are participants in an OHCA (individually, a “WellStar OHCA”, collectively the “WellStar OHCAs”). We may
                                                                                                                                        other activities conducted by a WellStar ACE Member or we may disclose demographic information to the WellStar Foundation so
disclose and share protected health information with the WellStar Hospital Medical Staff Members and other individuals
                                                                                                                                        that the WellStar Foundation may contact you in raising money. In such instances, we will limit any release only to contact
participating in a WellStar OHCA as necessary to carry out treatment, payment or other health care operations of the WellStar
                                                                                                                                        information, such as your name, address, telephone number, gender, age and the dates you received treatment or services at a
OHCA.
                                                                                                                                        WellStar Hospital. If you do not want the WellStar Foundation to contact you for fundraising efforts, you must notify the WellStar
                                                                                                                                        Foundation in writing, addressed to WellStar Foundation, 805 Sandy Plains Road, Marietta, GA 30066. In the event you contact us
                                                   WHO FOLLOWS THIS NOTICE
                                                                                                                                        with this request, all reasonable efforts will be taken to ensure you will not receive fundraising communications, if any, from us in
•      WellStar ACE Members, their respective employees and workforce members, as well as that of the Facilities, Practice              the future.
       Groups and Programs provided through or offered by WellStar Hospitals
•      Independent medical professionals who have membership on the Medical Staff of a WellStar Hospital (“WellStar Medical             Family or Friends: We may use and disclose your medical information to family, friends or any other person you identify as
       Staff Members”), but only when providing medical treatment or services at a WellStar Hospital, or for peer review, quality       directly involved in your health care or payment. Except in emergency situations, we will ask you if you object. We may use
       improvement, medical education and other health care operations conducted at a WellStar Hospital                                 professional judgment when allowing someone other than yourself to pick up a prescription, medical supplies, or x-ray on your
•      Students, trainees and volunteers of WellStar ACE Members                                                                        behalf. We may also disclose your medical information for disaster relief efforts so that you family or friends can be notified about
                                                                                                                                        your condition.
“We,” “us,” and “our” in this Notice refers to each WellStar Ace Member and WellStar Medical Staff Members to the extent of
their participation in a WellStar OHCA. Other capitalized terms not defined in this Notice shall have the meanings provided in the      Appointment Reminders: We may use and disclose your medical information to contact, schedule or remind you of an
Privacy Regulation.                                                                                                                     appointment for medical treatment.
We may share your medical information with WellStar Medical Staff Members who are independent medical professionals and                 Treatment Alternatives, Health-Related Benefits and Services: We may use and disclose your medical information to inform you
who participate in a WellStar OHCA in order to provide treatment and perform other activities such as peer review, quality              about alternate treatment therapies, providers or settings of care; to tell you about health-related products and services related to
improvement, medical education and other services for a WellStar Hospital. While those professionals may follow this Notice and         your medical treatment or care; and to send you newsletters about general health matters, local health fairs, wellness programs, and
otherwise participate in the privacy program of the WellStar Health System, they are independent Covered Entities and                   other similar events.
professionals. Neither the WellStar ACE Members, nor any independent professional, assume any liability or other obligations
incurred by the other.                                                                                                                  Other: Other uses and disclosures of your medical information not described in this Notice or permitted by law will be made only
                                                                                                                                        with your written permission or authorization. You may revoke your authorization, in writing, at any time. If you revoke your
SERVICES PROVIDED BY AN INDEPENDENT MEDICAL PROFESSIONAL WITH STAFF PRIVILEGES AT A                                                     authorization, then we will no longer use or disclose your medical information for the reasons covered in your previous written
WELLSTAR HOSPITAL IN NO WAY CREATES, NOR SHALL BE CONSTRUED AS CREATING, ANY TYPE OF                                                    authorization. We are unable to take back any disclosures we already have made based on your previous written authorization, and
EMPLOYMENT, PARTNERSHIP, JOINT VENTURE, FRANCHISE OR OTHER RELATIONSHIP WITH A                                                          we are required to retain our records of care that we provided to you.
WELLSTAR HOSPITAL OR OTHER WELLSTAR ACE MEMBER OTHER THAN AS AN INDEPENDENT
CONTRACTOR. WELLSTAR AND EACH WELLSTAR ACE MEMBER HEREBY EXPRESSLY DISCLAIMS ANY                                                                                                                    YOUR RIGHTS
RESPONSIBILITY OR LIABILITY FOR THE NEGLIGENT ACTS, ERRORS OR OMISSIONS AND INTENTIONAL                                                 Right to Inspect and Copy: You have a right to inspect and receive a copy of the medical information we have about you. For
MISCONDUCT OF SUCH INDEPENDENT MEDICAL PROFESSIONAL.                                                                                    copies of your medical information, you must make a written request to the facility that provided you services. We will respond to
                                                                                                                                        your request within 30 days of your request and we may charge you a fee to cover the copying, mailing or other related costs. We
                                                            OUR PLEDGE                                                                  may deny your request to inspect and copy in certain very limited circumstances. If you are denied access to medical information,
We understand that your medical information is personal and we are committed to protecting it. This Notice applies to all of the        you may request that the denial be reviewed or you may submit a written complaint. If you request a review, another licensed
records of your care generated by the WellStar Hospitals and each WellStar ACE Member, whether made by WellStar Health                  healthcare professional, chosen by WellStar, will review your request and the denial. The person conducting the review will not be
System personnel or your personal doctor. Your personal doctor may, however, have different policies or notices regarding his or        the person who denied your request. We will comply with the outcome of the review.
her use and disclosure of your medical information created in the doctor’s office or clinic. We are required by law to:
•      Make sure that your medical information is kept private;                                                                         Right to Request Restriction: You have a right to request certain restrictions on our uses or disclosures of your medical
•      Give you this Notice of our legal duties and privacy practices; and                                                              information for treatment, payment or health care operations except when authorized by you, when required by law, or in an
•      Follow the terms of this Notice.                                                                                                 emergency. You may also request a restriction on our disclosure of your medical information to someone who is involved in your
                                                                                                                                        care or payment, like a family member or friend. We are not legally required to agree to your request. All requests for
                            OUR USES AND DISCLOSURES OF YOU MEDICAL INFORMATION                                                         restrictions must be made in writing. We will inform you of our decision.
The following categories describe different ways we use and disclose medical information. Where possible, we try to give some
examples. Not every use or disclosure in a category will be listed. However, all of the ways we are permitted to use and disclose       Right to Amend: You have a right to amend the medical information we maintain about you if you believe it is incorrect or
information will fall within one of the categories.                                                                                     something is missing. You must submit a request for amendment in writing and describe what you believe is in error. We will
                                                                                                                                        respond to your request within 60 days. We may deny your request to amend your medical record if the information was not
Treatment: We will use medical information about you to provide you with medical treatment or services. We will disclose                created by us, if it is not part of the medical information we maintain about you, or if we determine that your medical information
medical information about you to doctors, nurses, technicians or other personnel involved in your care. For example, a doctor           is correct. If you do not agree with our denial, you may submit a statement of disagreement.
treating you for a broken leg may need to know if you have diabetes because diabetes might slow the healing process. In addition,
the doctor may need to tell the dietician that you have diabetes so that appropriate meals can be arranged. Different departments of    Right to a List of Disclosures: You have a right to request a list of disclosures we make of your medical information by WellStar
a WellStar Hospital may need to share medical information about you in order to coordinate the different things you need, such as       ACE Members and their employees. We will provide you a list or summary that will exclude those disclosures made to carry out
prescriptions, lab work, x-rays, and physical therapy. We may also disclose your medical information to health care providers           treatment, payment or health care operations; disclosures authorized by you or required to be made law; and those that occurred
outside the WellStar ACE who may provide you medical care after you leave a WellStar Hospital. For example, the physician or            before April 14, 2003. We are not required to and do not keep track of disclosures made outside of the WellStar Hospital setting
nursing home that provides you care following your WellStar Hospital stay will be provided information about your care and              for independent medical professionals who are not employed by a WellStar ACE Member. To request a list of disclosures, you
treatment.                                                                                                                              must submit your request in writing and specify the time period desired, which must be 6 years or less. The first list you request
                                                                                                                                        within a 12-month period will be free. You may be charged for additional lists, but we will notify you of the fees involved before
Payment: We will use and disclose your protected health information to send bills and collect payment from you, your insurance          you incur any costs.
company, or other payors, such as Medicare. We will do this for the care, treatment, and other related services you receive from a
WellStar ACE Member. We may provide your name, address and insurance information to other care providers involved in your               Right to Alternate Means of Communication: You have a right to request that we communicate with you about your medical
care at a WellStar Facility so that they may bill you for the services they provided. We may also tell your health insurance            information in a certain way or at a certain location. For example, you can ask that we only contact you at work or by e-mail. We
company about the treatment recommended by the physician in order to determine whether or not your plan will cover the                  will accommodate all reasonable requests.
treatment.
                                                                                                                                        Right to a Paper Copy of this Notice: You have a right to receive a paper copy of this Notice even if you agreed to receive it
Health Care Operations: We will use and disclose protected health information about you for WellStar ACE Member operations              electronically. To obtain a paper copy of this Notice, contact the Chief Privacy Officer at the information listed below.
including, but not limited to, the operations of WellStar Hospitals. These uses and disclosures are necessary to run the WellStar
Health System and make sure that all patients treated by WellStar ACE Member Hospitals, facilities, practice groups and                 Right to Complain: If you believe that your privacy rights have been violated, you may file a complaint with our Chief Privacy
programs, receive quality care and cost effective services. For example, we may use your medical information to review the              Officer or with a designated representative through our HIPAA Helpline. You may also file a complaint with the Secretary of the
quality of our treatment and services, and to evaluate the performance of our staff in caring for you.                                  Department of Health and Human Services. Our Chief Privacy Officer can provide you with the address. You will not be denied
                                                                                                                                        care, discriminated against or otherwise penalized for filing a complaint.
Georgia and federal law provide additional protection for certain types of medical information, including alcohol or drug
abuse, mental health and AIDS/HIV. These laws may limit whether and how we may disclose this medical information about                  We reserve the right to revise this Notice at any time and make the new Notice effective for all medical information that we
you to others.                                                                                                                          maintain. The revised Notice will be posted in prominent places such as waiting areas, or exam rooms, and on our website at
                                                                                                                                        www.wellstar.org. You may request a copy of the current Notice in effect at any time. You will be asked to acknowledge in
Business Associates: Many services are provided to us through contracts with third-party “business associates.” Whenever a              writing receipt of the first Notice and you may be asked to do the same for subsequent Notices that contain material changes to
service provided by a business associate meets the regulatory requirements and involves the use or disclosure of your health            our privacy practices or your rights.
information, we will have a written contract that requires the business associate to maintain high standards of safeguarding your
privacy.
                                                                                                                                                                                                  Chief Privacy Officer
Public Health, Government Functions and Accreditation and Licensing Agencies: We are required by law to disclose your                                                                         531 Roselane Street, Suite 600
medical information in certain circumstances to:                                                                                                                                                   Marietta, GA 30060
•      Control or prevent a communicable disease, injury or disability; report births and deaths; and for public health oversight or
       interventions                                                                                                                                                                               Compliance Hotline
•      Report adverse events or product defects to The Food and Drug Administration; track products; enable product recalls; or                                                                      1-888-800-5094
       conduct post-market surveillance
•      Facilitate the functions of state or federal government agencies                                                                                                                                  E-mail
•      Meet the standards required by accreditation and/or licensing agencies such as the Joint Commission on Accreditation of                                                                 Privacyofficer@wellstar.org
       Healthcare Organization, the Department of Human Resources, and the Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services.
                                                                                                                                                                                                    HIPAA Helpline
Required by Law: We will disclose medical information about you when required by federal, state or local law. Examples include:                                                                   Phone: 678-331-6880
•      Law enforcement agencies responsible for investigating suspected child abuse or prosecuting actual child abuse                                                                              Fax: 678-331-6898
•      A court upon a valid order; judicial or administrative proceedings; responses to subpoenas, discovery requests, or other
       required legal proceedings (although we will try to notify you first or get a protective order)
•      The Department of Health and Human Services; protection or advocacy agencies; law enforcement authorities investigating                           Para obtener esta información en español, por favor comuníquese con su proveedor de cuidado.
       or preventing neglect, physical injury, death, and violent crimes
•      A court-appointed guardian or agent if you have a medical or durable power of attorney for healthcare.
