> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the vyoma.net privacy policy that was archived on 2008-02-08. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20080208033646id_/http%3A//www.vyoma.net/privacy.do) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# ::VYOMA::

---  
| 

##  Privacy Policy 

  * ## Introduction

VYOMA ("VYOMA," "we" or "us") operates an online service (the "Service") through the site located at www.vyoma.com ("VYOMA") or other websites owned or operated by VYOMA (known as "VYOMA Sites"). This privacy policy ("Privacy Policy") describes VYOMA's information collection practices, as well as circumstances under which VYOMA discloses information collected from you. This policy is designed to assist you in understanding how we collect and use the personal information you provide to us and to assist you in making informed decisions when using our site and our products and services.

In order to access and use the Service, you must agree to the applicable terms and conditions (the "Terms and Conditions") posted on VYOMA. Persons and organizations that register to use the Service are considered "Registered Users." You may view portions of VYOMA even if you are not a Registered User of the Service. Registered and non-Registered visitors to the site are collectively referred to as "Users". This privacy policy applies to VYOMA's collection, use and disclosure of personal information from Registered Users of VYOMA, as well as from persons who merely visit VYOMA. This policy forms an integral part of the Terms and Conditions and is incorporated by reference into the Terms and Conditions. We have adopted and implemented this privacy policy as part of our commitment to protecting your personal information from misuse.

Note that any videos, photos, and other personal media posted to VYOMA is considered published content and is not regarded as personally identifiable information covered by this Privacy Policy.

  * ## The Information That We Collect

VYOMA collects personally identifiable information about Registered Users during the registration process, as required to offer and provide the Service, as listed in the Terms and Conditions, and as otherwise identified below. In addition, VYOMA collects certain information which cannot be used to personally identify any user, such as anonymous, aggregate or statistical data.

In order to use the Service, all Registered Users must complete the applicable registration form accessible on VYOMA. VYOMA collects and maintains a record of all data provided through such registration forms. For example, individual users who desire to subscribe to the Service must provide certain contact information and financial information, such as a credit card number and expiration date.

Following registration, each Registered User is granted access to select parts of VYOMA via a unique username and password. We track the use of those usernames and passwords in order to collect and maintain records of all individual transactions conducted through the Service by Registered Users, and those records are associated with each Registered User's individual account profile within the VYOMA system.

We also collect and maintain records of information that you voluntarily provide to us. For example, we may ask you to participate in a survey of Registered Users, and may ask you to provide personally identifiable information, such as age, gender or other demographic data. However, unless such information is necessary for the Service or required by the Terms and Conditions, we do not require you to provide such information to us. By providing such information voluntarily, you give VYOMA permission to use such information as described in this policy.

VYOMA utilizes a standard technology called "cookies" (see explanation below in the next paragraph) and server logs to collect information about how our VYOMA is used that is not associated with your personal account ("Non-Personal Information"). Non-Personal Information gathered through cookies and Web server logs may include but is not limited to such items as statistics regarding popularity of particular pages within VYOMA, the date and time of visits, the pages viewed, time spent at our Web site, and the Web sites visited just before and just after our Web site, IP address, type and version of operating system, and browser type. We, our advertisers and ad serving companies may also use small pieces of code called "web beacons" or "clear gifs" to determine which advertisements and promotions users have seen and how users responded to them.

A cookie is a very small text document, which often includes an anonymous unique identifier. When you visit a Web site, that site's computer asks your computer for permission to store this file in a part of your hard drive specifically designated for cookies. Each Web site can send its own cookie to your browser if your browser's preferences allow it, but (to protect your privacy) your browser only permits a Web site to access the cookies it has already sent to you, not the cookies sent to you by other sites. For example, a cookie may contain information about a user's preferences, so that the Web site automatically complies with those preferences whenever the user visits that Web site. When using the Service, we may create "cookies" on your computer for purposes of facilitating and maintaining your current user session, and may collect Personal Information using those cookies in order to enable VYOMA to identify you in connection with the Service and to track use of the Service for purposes consistent with this policy.

VYOMA is not directed to children and children are not eligible to use the Service. Protecting the privacy of children is very important to us. We do not collect or maintain Personal Information from people we actually know are under 13, and no part of our Site or Service is designed to attract people under 13. If we later learn that a user is under 13, we will take steps to remove that user's Personal Information from our databases and to prevent the user from utilizing VYOMA and the Service. 

  * ## Use Of Collected Information 

VYOMA uses information collected from VYOMA in several ways, as outlined in this policy. For example, we use Personal Information as needed to provide the Service, to process transactions conducted through the Service (such as payment of applicable fees), and to communicate with such Registered Users. We also use both Personal Information and Non-Personal Information when evaluating ways to improve VYOMA and the Service. As further described below, we may disclose collected information, including Personal Information, to certain third parties in connection with providing the Service or as required by law. We will not use or disclose collected information in ways different from what is described in this policy unless otherwise required by law.

VYOMA uses information that is collected through the registration process from Registered Users or that is collected in connection with individual transactions in order to provide the Service as described in the Terms and Conditions. For example we may use such information (i) to communicate with each Registered User to confirm registration and to inform about the status of that Registered User's subscription, (ii) to process transactions associated with the Service, including, by way of example, by billing Registered Users and by obtaining authorizations for payments (e.g., credit card payments or other electronic payments); and (iii) as otherwise necessary to provide the Service.

VYOMA also uses information collected through VYOMA and the Service to communicate with the Registered Users from whom such information was collected in order to provide promotional materials about VYOMA and/or about our business partners and affiliates. However, unlike communications which are necessary to provide the Service to Registered Users ("Necessary Communications"), promotional communications are optional ("Optional Communications"), and VYOMA will refrain from sending that kind of information to you if you inform us that you prefer not to receive them, as described in more detail below.

VYOMA uses Non-Personal Information in a variety of ways, including, by way of example, to evaluate the performance of VYOMA and the general preferences of Registered Users, to generate anonymous statistics for our benefit or for our business partners, to help diagnose problems with our server, and to administer our Web site. Because Non-Personal Information is entirely anonymous, and therefore cannot be used by us to identify you, this policy does not limit VYOMA's ability to use or disclose Non-Personal Information.

If we collect information through VYOMA that you provide to us voluntarily through online forms or surveys, through e-mail communications or by other means, we will treat that information as described above, as applied to both Personal Information and Non-Personal Information.

VYOMA contains links to other Web sites. Please be aware that VYOMA is not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of such other Web sites. VYOMA encourages our users to be aware when they leave our Site and to read the privacy statements of each and every Web site that collects personally identifiable information. This privacy statement applies solely to information collected by VYOMA through VYOMA.

  * ## Disclosure Of collected Information

As a necessary part of providing the Service, we may disclose information collected from you as described in this policy. For example, we will disclose certain Personal Information about you to our third-party service providers, such as credit card processing companies. Under certain limited circumstances, we may be subject to legal requirements to disclose information collected through VYOMA or the Service, such as, by way of example, to a court or a governmental agency, and our policy is to comply fully with all such legal requirements. The disclosures contemplated by this paragraph ("Necessary Disclosures") are necessary if you wish to use the Service. As mentioned above, VYOMA may use and disclose Non-Personal Information without restriction. If you do not want us to make such Necessary Disclosures, or to use Non-Personal Information without restriction, you must not use the Service.

VYOMA will respect your preferences, as you may indicate to us by selecting certain options within VYOMA (further described below), regarding whether it is permissible for us to make disclosures of Personal Information other than described above, such as disclosures of Personal Information about you to our business partners other than as necessary to provide the Service. If you indicate that we may make such disclosures, those third parties may contact you for various reasons, such as for purposes of providing promotional information about products or services they offer. Unlike Necessary Disclosures, these kinds of disclosures of Personal Information are optional ("Optional Disclosures"), and Registered Users may use the Service even if they indicate their preference that we not make such Optional Disclosures. VYOMA will not make Optional Disclosures of your Personal Information if you inform us of that preference as described below.

  * ## Choice, opting-in and opting-out of optional communications and optional disclosures

Because VYOMA respects your privacy, we may from time to time provide certain opportunities for you to indicate your preferences regarding how we use and/or disclose information collected about you from VYOMA and the Service. If you are a Registered User, by indicating your preferences in areas within VYOMA that may provide disclosure and communications options you will be able to inform us whether you wish to receive certain Optional Communications from us, as well as your preferences regarding Optional Disclosures. Please also note that, although we will respect such preferences that you indicate regarding Optional Communications and Optional Disclosures, information is nevertheless collected from your use of VYOMA and the Service as described above, largely through automated processes. Even so, we will treat Personal Information collected from you in accordance with those preferences, unless otherwise required by law.

VYOMA does not maintain responsibility for the manner in which third parties use or further disclose Personal Information collected from you through VYOMA or the Service, after VYOMA has disclosed that information to those third parties. If you do not want VYOMA to use or disclose Personal Information collected about you in the manners identified in this policy as Necessary Communications and/or Necessary Disclosures, you may not use the Service. If you are merely a visitor to VYOMA but are not registered as a Registered User of the Service, please note that VYOMA does not collect any Personal Information except in connection with the Service or unless you voluntarily provide the same, so you do not need to opt-out regarding any such communications or disclosures.

  * ## access to personal information collected from you

Registered Users may access their account profile at any time to update Personal Information contained within that account profile. Subsequent uses or disclosures of information by VYOMA will reflect those changes, but VYOMA has no ability to update any information previously disclosed to any third party. Certain information is necessary in order for VYOMA to provide the Service; therefore, if you delete such necessary information you will not be able to use the Service.

VYOMA has security measures in place to protect against the loss, misuse and unauthorized alteration of Personal Information in VYOMA's possession and control. For example, whenever the Service requests Registered Users to provide a credit card number that information is encrypted with industry standard encryption techniques. When you are viewing a secure page within VYOMA, such as our user registration form, an icon of a padlock will appear as "locked" at the bottom of web browsers such as Netscape Navigator and Microsoft Internet Explorer, but the same icon will appear as "un-locked" when the user is merely "surfing." We currently use an encryption program known as "SSL," or "Secure Sockets Layer." To learn more about SSL, go to http://www.ssl.com/. Credit card authorization requests are sent using the same encryption technology.

VYOMA uses commercially reasonable physical standards, management processes, and technologies to ensure the security and integrity of Personal Information. Please be aware that, although we endeavor to provide security for information in our possession and control, no security system can prevent against all potential security breaches, and VYOMA bears no liability for uses or disclosures of Personal Information or Non-Personal Information arising in connection with the theft thereof. Likewise, Registered Users are responsible for safeguarding the confidentiality of passwords to the Service, and VYOMA bears no liability for access to, or use or disclosure of, Personal Information, if such access, use or disclosure arises in connection with the theft or disclosure (whether intentional or negligent) of such Registered User's password.

If you have any questions about our security measures, you can contact us via email at [support@mail.vyoma.com](mailto:support@mail.vyoma.com).

  * ## changes to this policy

If we change our privacy policy, we will post those changes on VYOMA so that users are always aware of what information we collect, how we use it, and under what circumstances, if any, we will disclose it. Any such posted changes will be effective upon the date indicated by the posting, but in any event not sooner than 7 days after posting. Even if we change this policy, we will continue to treat previously collected Personal Information in accordance with the privacy policy under which that information was collected, unless we obtain your permission otherwise. We may from time to time desire to use Personal Information in ways that are different from the policies contemplated herein ("New Uses"). In all such cases, we will contact Registered Users by sending notice to any of the points of contact listed in their account profile information, and offering the opportunity to opt-out of such New Uses. By agreeing to the Terms and Conditions and/or using the Service, each Registered User agrees that he or she will promptly notify us (and in any case notify us within 14 days) of his or her preference to opt-out of such New Uses in response to our notice, or else we will be considered to have permission from the Registered User for such New Uses. In any event, your continued access to and/or use of VYOMA or Service constitutes your assent to, and acceptance of, this policy, including all posted changes and any New Uses for which we have provided notice.


  
  
---
