> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the xoxide.com privacy policy that was archived on 2016-06-23. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20160623033622id_/http%3A//www.xoxide.com/privacypolicy.html) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy Policy

_This site is hosted by Yahoo! Store. Yahoo! hosts the store pages, ordering system, and order data. Yahoo! automatically collects order information but may only use this information in the aggregate. If you accessed this store through Yahoo! Shopping, Yahoo! also automatically collects information about your shopping experience. Please see the[Yahoo! Privacy Policy](http://info.yahoo.com/privacy/us/yahoo/details.html) for more information about how Yahoo! uses this information._

Privacy Statement

What we do with your information:  
Xoxide, Inc. will not rent, sell, or share any of the personal information that you provide through our website, e-mail, or postal mail. We will only use your information to send updates about your order.

How we Protect your information: Xoxide, Inc. uses SSL (Secure Socket Layer) encryption when transmitting sensitive information. An icon resembling a padlock is displayed on the bottom of most browsers window during SSL transactions that involve credit cards and other forms of payment. The information you provide will be stored securely on our servers and all payment info is automatically removed from our web store 30 days after the transaction is processed.

Returns • How long do you accept returns? Our return period is 15 days from delivery. During that time, items may be returned for a refund or for replacement if they are defective. Please note that non-defective items returned for a refund will have a 15% restocking fee deducted from the refund and that some items are not able to be returned once ordered (such as CPU coolers, water cooling kits, and caffeine products). You can get more information on these non-returnable products by reading our complete return policy here. Please note the RMA Form is linked on the bottom of the Frequently Asked Questions page. • How do I return an item to Xoxide.com for replacement/refund? If you received the product within the last 15 days then you can contact us at rma@xoxide.com to receive an RMA number. Once you receive an RMA number you will need to return the product to us within 15 days. Items should be returned to their retail packaging and then packed inside of a brown or white shipping carton. The RMA number you were issued should be displayed on the shipping label or shipping container (but NOT the product box). Your return will be processes within 7 business days of being delivered to our warehouse. We strongly recommend that you use a tracked delivery service to ensure that it is delivered properly to us. • A product I purchased from you a while back has stopped working, who do I contact? If you received the product within the last 15 days then you will need to contact us to receive an RMA number. If it has been more than 15 days then you will need to contact the product manufacturer for a warranty replacement. If you have questions as to who the manufacturer is, or how to get in touch with them, then contact us. Please note that not all of the products that we sell come with a manufacturer's warranty (such as most lighting products, fans, and cables). These products cannot be replaced after the Xoxide.com 15-day return period ends. Please note that we cannot accept returns without a return authorization. • I received a defective product, who pays for the return shipping cost? Xoxide.com does not cover the cost of return shipping when a customer receives a defective product. We are not responsible for product defects as we do not manufacture any of the items sold on our web site. We will, however, split the shipping costs involved in getting you an exact replacement. If the customer pays for the return shipping on the defective product then we will cover the replacement.

Please note that we will only split the shipping fees on one exchange per order. Please check ALL of your items before contacting us regarding an incorrect/defective/damaged item as exchanges beyond the first will be done completely at your expense.
