> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the imobile.pk privacy policy that was archived on 2010-11-20. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20101120112429id_/http%3A//www.imobile.pk/index.php%3Fmod%3Dcms%26func%3DdisplayPage%26id%3D1) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy Policy - iMobile.pk

The Notice was last updated April 01, 2010

When you register for iMobile.pk or signup for news updates, iMobile.pk collects your personal information (including your name, address, and email address). This information is added to our mailing list so that, from time to time, we can send you information about new features, additions, participation in market research, and changes to iMobile.pk product and services. Also, iMobile.pk occasionally makes personal information available to its affiliates, officers, employees, subsidiaries, holding company and network sites as well as to selected outside companies whose products or services we feel may be of interest to you. iMobile.pk may, from time to time, use information you provide as part of the registration process to send you information regarding other products or services from its Network sites, affiliates and holding company that may be of interest to you. iMobile.pk may provide aggregated, anonymous statistical information about iMobile.pk users to other persons, including potential advertising clients. iMobile.pk may share personal information with an entity working on behalf of iMobile.pk or its holding company to serve customers, disclose personal information in connection with legal proceedings, investigations of crimes or other wrongdoing, and transfer personal information in conjunction with the sale or similar transfer of a business unit.

Whenever iMobile.pk permits a third party to access your personal information, commercially appropriate measures will be followed to ensure that the information is used only for authorized purposes and by authorized persons in a manner consistent with the choices customers have made under this Privacy Notice, and that the security, integrity and privacy of the information is maintained. Please note that this Web site may contain links to other Web sites that have their own privacy policies and practices. While iMobile.pk will employ commercially appropriate procedures to help ensure that your information is only used for authorized purposes as described above, iMobile.pk cannot make any guarantees with respect to the actions or policies of such third parties.

Please be assured that we take your concerns about privacy quite seriously, and we intend to take every reasonable effort to protect it. This Privacy Notice applies to this iMobile.pk, Its holding company and network sites; it does not apply to any other products or services or to information collected in any other way (whether offline or online) by iMobile.pk, its general and limited partners, and its subsidiaries, and their respective general partners and affiliates.

For questions, comments, or to review or correct your information, please contact iMobile.pk at feedback@iMobile.pk. All requests must include the following information: first name, last name, and e-mail address. iMobile.pk reserves the right to change this privacy policy at any time by posting revisions on this Web page. Such changes will be effective upon posting.
