> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the j2.com privacy policy that was archived on 2011-05-28. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20110528014535id_/http%3A//www.j2global.com/j2global/privacy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# j2 Global Communications - Privacy Policy

j2 Global Communications, Inc. ("j2 Global" or "we") is dedicated to establishing trusting relationships with all individuals who visit its [www.j2global.com](http://www.j2global.com/) Web site, based on respect for personal identity and information, by promoting the use of fair information practices. This policy only applies to the j2 Global corporate Web site ([www.j2global.com](http://www.j2global.com/)) and is not applicable to j2 Global's other Web sites, including but not limited to [www.efax.com](http://www.efax.com/), [www.efaxcorporate.com](http://www.efaxcorporate.com/), www.j2.com, www.evoice.com, which each have their own posted privacy policies. j2 Global encourages you to read this Privacy Policy and those of all Web sites you visit.

Because j2 Global wants to demonstrate its commitment to our visitors' privacy, in this Privacy Policy we are disclosing:

  1. What personally identifiable information j2 Global collects through the j2global.com Web site.
  2. How j2 Global uses this information.
  3. With whom j2 Global may share this information.
  4. What choices are available to visitors regarding collection, use and distribution of this information.
  5. What types of security procedures are in place to protect the loss, misuse or alteration of this information to the extent under j2 Global control.
  6. How visitors can correct any inaccuracies in this information.



## Information Collection and Use

Information Collection

j2 Global collects information from visitors to the j2global.com Web site through the use of cookies, log files and clear gifs as well as information provided by visitors through the Partner, Investor, Press and Contact portions of the Web site.

Cookies

A cookie is a piece of data stored on the visitor's computer tied to information about the visitor. Usage of a cookie is in no way linked to any personally identifiable information while on our site. We may use both session ID cookies and persistent cookies. For the session ID cookie, once visitors close the browser, the cookie simply terminates. A persistent cookie is a small text file stored on the visitor's hard drive for an extended period of time. Persistent cookies enable us to track and target the interests of our visitors to enhance the experience on our site. See the "Profile" section, below. Persistent cookies can be removed by following Internet browser help file directions. If you choose to disable cookies in your browser, you can still access most of the j2global.com Web site. However, some areas of the Web site may not allow you to complete certain activities if cookies are disabled. We can only read cookies from j2 Global Web sites.

Some of our business partners may use cookies on our Web site (for example, advertisers). However, we have no access to or control over these cookies, once we have given permission for them to set cookies for advertising. This Privacy Policy covers the use of cookies by the j2global.com Web site only and does not cover the use of cookies by any advertisers.

Profile

We may store information that we collect through cookies, log files and third parties to create a profile of our visitors. A profile may store information that we keep on individual visitors that details their viewing preferences. Consequently, collected information is tied to the visitor's personally identifiable information to provide offers and improve the content of the site for the visitor. This profile may be used to tailor a visitor's visit to the j2global Web site, and to direct pertinent marketing promotions to them. We do not share personally identifiable elements of your profile with other third parties. Your profile is shared in aggregate form only.

Log Files

Like most Web sites, our servers use log files to analyze trends, administer the site, track visitor's movement in the aggregate, and gather broad demographic information for aggregate use. IP addresses, etc. are not linked to personally identifiable information.

Clear Gifs

Clear gifs, or Web beacons, are tiny graphics with a unique identifier, similar in function to cookies, and we may use them to track the online movements of visitors to the j2global.com Web site. Clear gifs are invisible on the page and are much smaller than cookies, about the size of the period at the end of this sentence. Clear gifs are not tied to visitors' personally identifiable information.

We may place Web beacons on some pages to allow us to compile anonymous, aggregated statistics about web site usage. We also may use clear gifs in our HTML-based emails to let us know which emails (or particular articles, links, etc.) have been opened by the recipients. This allows us to gauge the effectiveness of certain communications and the effectiveness of our marketing campaigns.

Information Use

This information is used in the following ways:

  1. Customer Feedback and Support. Provides a mechanism for requesting information from j2 Global. Also used to tell us how we can improve our products, services and Web site designs.
  2. Email Correspondence. Used to raise and respond to issues and inquiries of all types. Also used to distribute information about j2 Global, our products, and services.
  3. Partner, Investor Relations, Press and Sales. Used to distribute requested information about j2 Global and to establish contact with appropriate j2 Global personnel.
  4. As set out in the section of this Privacy Policy entitled "Sharing."
  5. If you submit your resume as a prospective employee, j2 Global will use your personal information for recruitment purposes, and if you are offered a job or become employed by j2 Global Communications, for other employment-related purposes.



Third Party Advertising

We may from time-to-time have third party advertising on our j2global.com Web site. In that case, the ads appearing would be delivered to visitors through the third party advertising partners. Information about your visits to our Web site, such as number of times you have viewed an ad (but not user name, address, or other personal information), may be used to serve ads to you on the Web site. Third party advertising partners do not have access to personally identifiable information.

This Privacy Policy covers the use of cookies by the j2global.com Web site only and does not cover the use of cookies by any advertisers.

Children's Privacy

We do not knowingly collect personal information from children under the age of 13. If we learn that we have personal information on a child under the age of 13, we will delete that information from our systems. j2 Global encourages parents to go online with their kids. Here are a few tips to help make a child's online experience safer:

  1. Teach kids never to give personal information, unless supervised by a parent or responsible adult. Includes name, address, phone, school, etc.
  2. Know the sites your kids are visiting and which sites are appropriate.
  3. Look for Web site privacy policies. Know how your child's information is treated.



Check out the FTC's site ( http://www.ftc.gov/bcp/conline/edcams/kidzprivacy/index.html) for more tips on protecting children's privacy online.

## Communications from the Site

Alerts and Other Communications

While visiting the j2global.com Web site, you have the option to subscribe to various news and other alerts. Each such communication has instructions on how to unsubscribe. In addition, you can unsubscribe directly on the j2global.com Web site. You also have the ability to send us questions or comments or to request other information regarding our products or services. We will respond to such requests as appropriate.

Sharing

We do not share information obtained from visitors to the j2global.com Web site except as otherwise specifically set forth in this Privacy Policy.

Legal Disclaimer

Though we make every effort to preserve visitor privacy, we may need to disclose personal information when required by law wherein we have a good-faith belief that such action is necessary to comply with a current judicial proceeding, a court order, legal process served on our Web site, or in order to investigate, prevent, or take action regarding illegal activity.

Aggregate Information (non-personally identifiable)

We may share aggregated demographic information with our partners and advertisers. This is not linked to any personally identifiable information.

Third Party Intermediaries

We may use third parties to host certain portions of the j2global.com Web site and to fulfill certain requests for information from visitors to the site. These companies do not retain, share, store or use personally identifiable information for any secondary purposes.

Business Transactions

In the event j2 Global goes through a business transition, such as a merger, being acquired by another company, or selling a portion of its assets, visitors' personal information will, in most instances, be part of the assets transferred. You will be notified prior to a change of ownership or control of your personal information. If as a result of the business transition, your personally identifiable information will be used in a manner different from that stated at the time of collection you will be given a choice not to have your information used in this different manner, as described in the notification of changes section, below.

Links

The j2global.com Web site contains links to other sites. Please be aware that j2 Global is not responsible for the privacy practices of such other sites. We encourage you to be aware when you leave our site and to read the privacy statements of each and every Web site that collects personally identifiable information, including j2 Global's other Web sites. This Privacy Policy applies solely to information collected by j2 Global through the j2global.com Web site. j2 Global has advertising and affiliate relationships with dozens of third party sites which drive interested parties to our sites. Information that is collected on these sites does not fall within the auspices of this Policy. j2 Global has Co-Brand relationships with some Web sites. A site is a Co-Brand of j2 Global if it offers j2 Global technology or services to its users under a different brand. The Co-Branded sites will have their own privacy policies specific to each site, and the user should read them carefully before registration.

Security

j2 Global takes every reasonable precaution to protect visitors' information. When visitors submit sensitive information via the j2global.com Web site, their information is protected both online and off-line.

While we use SSL encryption to protect sensitive information online, we also employ security measures to protect visitor-information off-line. All of our visitors' information, not just the sensitive information mentioned above, is restricted in our offices. Only employees who need the information to perform a specific job (for example, our billing clerks or a customer service representative) are granted access to personally identifiable information. Finally, the servers that store personally identifiable information are in a secure environment.

Correcting/Updating/Deleting/Deactivating Personal Information

If a visitor's personally identifiable information changes (such as zip code, phone, email or postal address), or if a visitor no longer desires to receive previously-requested information from j2 Global, the visitor can generally correct, update or delete/deactivate visitors' personally identifiable information by opting out of requested communications or contacting appropriate j2 Global personnel via the j2global.com Web site.

Notification of Changes

If we decide to change our Privacy Policy, we will post those changes in this Privacy Policy, and other places we deem appropriate, so visitors to the j2global.com Web site are always aware of what information we collect, how we use it, and under what circumstances, if any, we disclose it. We will use information in accordance with the Privacy Policy under which the information was collected. In some cases we will also email visitors, who have opted to receive communications from us, notifying them of the changes in our Privacy Policy.

If, however, we are going to use visitors' personally identifiable information in a manner different from that stated at the time of collection we will notify visitors via email. Visitors will have a choice as to whether or not we use their information in this different manner.

Safe Harbor

j2 Global is a participant in the Safe Harbor program developed by the U.S. Department of Commerce and the European Union. We have certified that we adhere to the Safe Harbor Privacy Principles agreed upon by the U.S. and the E.U. For more information about the Safe Harbor and to view our certification, visit the U.S. Department of Commerce's Safe Harbor Web site. In the event that any dispute arising out of or related to this policy is not settled by the parties, the parties will attempt in good faith to resolve such dispute by non-binding mediation in accordance with the American Arbitration Association Commercial Mediation Rules. No litigation for the resolution of such dispute may be commenced until the parties try in good faith to settle the dispute by such mediation in accordance with such rules and either party has concluded in good faith that amicable resolution through continued mediation of the matter does not appear likely. The parties to the mediation shall share the costs of mediation equally. Any settlement reached by mediation shall be recorded in writing, signed by the parties, and shall be binding on them.

Data Retention

The time period for which we keep information varies according to what the information is used for. In some cases, there are legal requirements to keep data for a minimum period. Unless there is a specific legal requirement for us to keep the information, we will retain it for no longer than is necessary for the purposes for which the data was collected or for which it is to be further processed.
