> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the sfoutsidelands.com privacy policy that was archived on 2014-11-22. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20141122163203id_/http%3A//www.sfoutsidelands.com/privacy-policy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Outside Lands - August 8-10, 2014 : Music - Food - Wine - Beer - Art

This Privacy Policy.  
The Web Site located at [www.SFOutsidelands.com](http://www.sfoutsidelands.com/) (the “Web Site”) is operated by OSL Group, LLC (hereinafter referred to as “Oustide Lands”).  This privacy policy describes Outside Lands’ current policies and practices with regard to personal data collected by Outside Lands through the Web Site. This privacy policy is independent from Outside Lands' offline personal data collection practices. The term "personal data" refers to personally identifiable information about you, such as your name, birth date, e-mail address or mailing address, and any other information that is identified with you personally, including your individual health information.

Notification of Changes to This Policy.  
Outside Lands is continually improving and adding new functionality and features to its Web Site and improving and adding to our existing products, services, and programs. Because of these ongoing changes, changes in the law, and the changing nature of technology, Outside Lands’ data practices will change from time to time. If and when our data practices change, Outside Lands will post the changes on the Web Site to notify you of the changes. We encourage you to check this page frequently. This policy was last updated on May 4, 2012.

Personal Data Collected Through SFOutsideLands.com.  
Other than cookies, as described below, the only personal data Outside Lands currently collects through its Web Site is the information you voluntarily give us when you use our Web Site.

For example, you may use this Web Site to contact Outside Lands with questions and comments. When you fill out a form on the Web Site, you may provide your name and other contact information, including your company's name, your e-mail address, and your mailing address or the mailing address of your company or other personal information. If you do not wish to fill out all of the information on the form you are not required to do so. You are providing any and all such information voluntarily.  Most of our registration forms require only your name and e-mail address. When you submit information to us through the Web Site, you will receive a confirmation e-mail if you enter a valid e-mail address. When you use our Web Site to search for information concerning the Outside Lands Music and Arts Festival, you are not providing us with any personal information. We offer the search features as a service to you. Outside Lands does not collect or retain any identifying information about you when you use the search features the Web Site. 

Use of Personal Data Collected Through SFOutsideLands.com.  
Outside Lands uses the personal data information you provide to answer your question or resolve your problem. Outside Lands and our affiliates also use this information to help us improve the content and functionality of our Web Site, to better understand our customers and markets, and to improve our products and services. Outside Lands and our affiliates may use this information to contact you in the future to tell you about products or services we believe will be of interest to you. If we do so, each communication we send you will contain instructions permitting you to "unsubscribe' from receiving future communications.

Similarly, we may provide "subscription" e-mail services, either directly or through affiliates, which enable you to receive current news and updates about the Outside Lands Music and Arts Festival. For all such services, we will provide an opportunity to "unsubscribe" from, or cancel, the subscription.

Anonymous Data Collected Through SFOutsideLands.com.  
In addition to the information you provide when you use www.SFOutsidelands.com, Outside Lands uses technology to collect anonymous information about the use of our Web Site. For example, we use technology to track how many visitors access our Web Site, the date and time of their visit, the length of their stay, and which pages they view. We also use technology to determine which web browsers our visitors use and the address from which they accessed our sites (for example, if they connected to the Web Site by clicking on a banner ad).

This technology does not identify you personally. It simply enables us to compile statistics about our visitors and their use of the Web Site. Outside Lands and our affiliates use this anonymous data and share it with third parties to improve the content and functionality of our Web Site, to better understand our customers and markets, and to improve our products and services.

Cookies.  
A cookie is a small piece of information that is sent to your browser and stored on your computer's hard drive. Cookies do not damage your computer and they cannot be used to discover the identity of a user. You can set your browser to notify you when you receive a cookie. This enables you to decide if you want to accept it or not and whether you are required to accept the cookie to view certain content. Outside Lands may use cookies to "persist" a user session — that is, to maintain connection with a user as he or she moves through an application or series of web pages. The purpose of cookies in this context is to remember user inputs. Personalization features also use cookies to identify groups of users and deliver appropriate content and services.

Disclosure of Your Personal Data.  
Outside Lands may share some or all of the personal data collected through the Web Site with our affiliates, who use this data in accordance with this Privacy Policy. Both Outside Lands and our affiliates may share personal data collected with third-party vendors who act for or on behalf of Outside Lands or our affiliates (for example, companies that provide support services to us, including data processing services, or that help us market our products and services). These companies may need information about you in order to perform their functions. These companies are not authorized to use the information we share with them for any other purpose. In addition, there may be some other, limited circumstances in which Outside Lands or our affiliates may share or transfer the personal data in our databases, for example, to comply with a legal requirement, for the administration of justice, to protect your vital interests, or in the event of a corporate sale, merger, reorganization, dissolution, or similar event.

While no method of data transmission is guaranteed against unlawful third party interception or other misuse, Outside Lands uses commercially reasonable efforts to ensure protection of your data including industry-standard encryption and offline security methods in our physical facilities. 

Public Forums.  
SFOutsidelands.com may make chat rooms, forums, message boards, and/or news groups (collectively, “Public Areas”) available to its users. Please remember that any information that is posted to and/or disclosed in these Public Areas becomes public information and you should exercise caution when deciding to disclose your personal information. By posting in the Public Areas you grant Outside Lands  a license to use the materials you post to the Web Site or any related service. By posting, downloading, displaying, performing, transmitting, or otherwise distributing information or other content (“User Content”) to the Web Site or related service, you are granting Outside Lands, its affiliates, officers, directors, employees, consultants, agents, and representatives a license to use User Content in connection with the operation of  the Web Site, including without limitation, a right to copy, distribute, transmit, publicly display, publicly perform, reproduce, edit, translate, and reformat User Content. You will not be compensated for any User Content. You agree that Outside Lands may publish or otherwise disclose your name in connection with your User Content. By posting User Content on the Web Site or any related service, you warrant and represent that you own the rights to the User Content or are otherwise authorized to post, distribute, display, perform, transmit, or otherwise distribute such User Content.

Children.  
Outside Lands does not knowingly collect personal data from children under the age of thirteen. If you are under thirteen, please do not transmit any personal data. If you have reason to believe that a child has provided personal data to Outside Lands, please contact us, and we will try to delete that information from our databases.

Link to Other Sites.  
This privacy policy applies only to Outside Lands’ website at www.SFOutsidelands.com. Outside Lands and our affiliates operate other websites for different purposes and in different countries where different laws may apply. If you visit any Outside Lands website, including www.SFOutsidelands.com, please take a moment to review the privacy policy posted on that site to learn what personal data may be collected through that website and how it is processed.

Outside Lands's websites contain hyperlinks to websites that are not operated by Outside Lands or our affiliates. These hyperlinks are provided for your reference and convenience only and do not imply any endorsement of the activities of these third-party websites or any association with their operators. Outside Lands does not control these websites and is not responsible for their data practices. We urge you to review the privacy policy posted on any website you visit before using the website or providing any personal data about yourself.

Governing Law.  
This privacy policy forms part of our website Terms and Conditions and as such shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of Virginia.

Questions About Our Privacy Policy.  
If you have any questions about this privacy policy or concerns about the way Outside Lands processes your personal data, please contact us at [legal@sfoutsidelands.com](mailto:legal@sfoutsidelands.com).
