> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the isacorp.com privacy policy that was archived on 2019-08-14. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20190814210127id_/http%3A//www.isacorp.com/privacy-policy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# ISA Corp. – Privacy Policy

## Privacy policy

Interviewing Service of America, an affiliate of Lieberman Research Worldwide and doing business as SoapBoxSample and Q-Insights (collectively, “ISA”), is committed to protecting the privacy of all information we collect from our clients, research participants and visitors to our corporate and survey websites (the “Websites”). This policy applies to all client and personal data that we collect or use in the course of conducting our business, and covers all client information and research participant data housed at any ISA facility or stored on the ISA network. The SoapBox trademark is owned by Calign, Inc. and is used under license. This policy does not apply to activities involving MySoapBox or our other research panels; the policy relating to those activities can be found [here](https://www.mysoapbox.com/page/553).

By accessing or browsing our Websites, participating in any of our surveys, contacting us on social media, or otherwise providing your data to us, you confirm that you have read and understood the entirety of this privacy policy.

**Information We Collect From or About You**  
We are in the market research business. We generally collect information about you (a subset of which may be “personal data” or “personally identifiable information” as defined under applicable law) either in connection with the services we are performing for you or your employer or in connection with our research activities.

If you are a client or work for a client, we likely have collected various contact, business, and in some cases financial information about you in the course of administering our relationship with you or your employer. In those cases, our legal basis for use of the information is our legitimate interest to perform our obligations under our contract with you or the company for which you work.

As to our research activities, we might collect information, a subset of which may be “personal data” or “personally identifiable information” as defined under applicable law, (i) in our SoapBoxSample business, as part of our purchase of survey panel from sample exchanges and others and the resale thereof to research companies, (ii) in our Q-Insights business, as part of our development and maintenance of our proprietary research participant database, or (iii) in all of our businesses, as part of data collection activity (interviews, surveys, focus groups, etc.) we undertake for research companies.

With respect to the portion of our business involving the purchase of survey panel from sample exchanges and others and the resale thereof to research companies, we might collect personal data and demographic data of the nature described above from the sample exchanges or panel suppliers in order to be able to fulfill the panelist criteria required by our research company customers. In those cases, our legal basis for the processing of the information is our legitimate interest to perform our obligations under our contract with the research company client requesting the panel composition in question.

With respect to the portion of our business involving the development and maintenance of our proprietary research participant database, we collect certain identifying information, as well as various demographic and preference-related information (a subset of which may be “personal data” or “personally identifiable information” as defined under applicable law), which you may voluntarily provide to us though the “Become a Respondent” page on the Q-Insights website. We maintain this information in our research participant database and use it as further described below. Our legal basis for collection and processing of this personal data from you is consent; we do not collect personal data without your affirmative consent, and consent can be withdrawn at any time, including, without limitation, by your requesting to be removed from our research participant database.

As to the information we collect about you (only a small subset of which may be “personal data” or “personally identifiable information” as defined under applicable law) in connection with data collection activity we undertake for research company clients, some of that data is collected directly by us from you, and is information you voluntarily disclose to us in connection with our survey and similar activity. Research participation is voluntary and participants always have the opportunity to decline involvement or to “opt out” of the research after agreeing to participate, as clearly identified in each survey. If the survey involves an incentive or a contest, we may ask for your name and telephone number or email address to notify you if you are a winner. There is never an obligation to provide this information to participate in the survey but if you don’t provide it, you may not be able to participate in the incentive program. Our legal basis for collection and processing of respondent-supplied personal data is consent; we do not collect personal data without the affirmative consent of the research participant, and consent can be withdrawn at any time.

As to certain studies we undertake for research companies, we may obtain information about you (which in some cases may be “personal data” or “personally identifiable information” as defined under applicable law) from the research company, third party vendors, or partners for use in connection with the studies. As to some studies, this might be your contact information, so we can send you an invitation to participate in the study. As to other studies, we may purchase existing data, such as demographic, interest, or behavioral information, about you from third party vendors and correlate and append that data to your survey responses so we can perform more robust analysis in connection with the study. This is typically done through the use of third party intermediaries who are able to associate your responses to other existing data through technology, such as pixel tags or cookies, or other identifying information which they (but not we) possess. In those cases, our legal basis for the processing of the information is our legitimate interest to perform our obligations under our contract with the research company commissioning the research study in question.

If you choose to use social media (for example, Facebook or LinkedIn) in order to contact us or find out about our services, we may collect your public-facing profile data, data relating to your interactions with us, and any data you post on message boards which are relevant to our business.

Our servers may automatically collect certain non-personal, log-file information about your use of our Websites whenever you access our websites. Information collected may include, but is not limited to, your Internet browser, operating system, internet source such as PC, tablet, or mobile, the domain name of your ISP, your click areas on the Website, time and date visited, length of time on the Website, and the third-party web sites or advertisements linked to or from the website that you visited. When you use or visit the Websites, our servers log your IP address.

**What We Do With Information We Collect**  
Depending on how we obtain your personal data (as described above), we may either be considered a “controller” or a “processor” under applicable law as to that data. If we are the processor, we will process the data in accordance with the instructions provided to us by the controller of that data.

Regarding data collected as part of our research activities, we collect data in, and in connection with, our studies for research purposes only, and our use of that information is limited to that purpose. Research participant information and answers are not used by any entity as an aid for sales. In many cases, this information is shared with the client commissioning the study pursuant to our contract with that client. In some cases we may need to share personal data with third parties for ancillary services in support of a research project. In these cases, we require the third party to follow all of the same privacy protection regulations as followed by ISA.

With respect to data collected in connection with the development and maintenance of our proprietary research participant database, as to any research study, based on whether the demographic information you have supplied meets the required criteria of the particular study, we may use it to either (i) offer you the opportunity to participate in the research-related data collection activity we ourselves are undertaking for our research company client (e.g., interviews, surveys, focus groups, etc.), or (ii) provide your contact information to our research company client for it to directly contact you and offer you the opportunity to participate in its research project.

As to client data we collect, we do not use the information for any purpose other than to fulfill our obligations to clients. We keep client information secure at all times, and prevent the use and disclosure of it by our employees or any third parties.

Insofar as we conduct research globally, any data we collect and process in connection with our business activity may be transferred between or among two or more countries (including from the EU or UK to the US), either within ISA or between ISA and a client or other third party described above. In all cases, we will take appropriate measures to ensure that the recipient protects any personal data so transferred adequately in accordance with this privacy policy. These measures include, in the case of transfers from the EU, the United Kingdom, and Switzerland to the US, adherence to the Privacy Principles described in the EU-US and Swiss-US Privacy Shield Frameworks (please see below for further details).

Systems information collected by our Websites (as described above) is used for the purposes of providing our services, including, without limitation, system administration, troubleshooting, user compliance with our terms of service, investigating security breaches, and compiling non-personal information such as how many visitors logged on to the Website. We also use this information for security purposes, such as to detect and to block security breaches, and to detect violations of our quality standards, for example, detecting multiple survey responses from the same user. Cookies are small text files stored on your computer by a website that assigns a numerical user ID and stores certain information about your online browsing. When we use cookies, we do so to help us recognize you as a prior user of this site and for survey resumption if you choose to suspend your survey to resume at a later date. The cookie file does not store your personal information. If you prefer not to receive cookies from our Websites you can disable their use in your browser settings. By doing so you may reduce the functionality of the web pages you view. Currently, our systems do not respond to browser do-not-track signals.

We do not rent, sell or give personal data to any third party for the purpose of directly marketing any products or services.  
Under certain circumstances, we may be required to release personal data in response to a legal request from public authorities including to meet national security or law enforcement requirements.

In all cases, ISA will take reasonable steps to ensure the personal data is accurate, complete, current and relevant and being used only for the intended purposes. We will not process personal data in a way that is incompatible with the purposes for which it has been collected or subsequently authorized by the individual.

**Retention of Personal Data**  
We keep personal data for no longer than necessary for the purposes for which the personal data is collected or processed. The length of time we retain personal data for depends on the purposes for which we collect and use it and/or as required to comply with applicable laws and to establish, exercise or defend our legal rights.

**Information Security**  
We maintain physical, electronic and procedural security measures to help safeguard client and personal data which are consistent with industry standards and practice and in compliance with applicable law. Third parties that provide us with support or services and that may also receive client or personal data are required by us to maintain security measures similar to ours with respect to such information. We will take reasonable precaution, consistent with industry standards and practice, to protect personal data from loss, misuse, unauthorized access, disclosure, alteration, and destruction.

**Your Rights As to Your Personal Data**  
You have the right to request the following as to any personal data we have about you: that we provide access to any personal data we hold about you; that we update any of your personal data which is out of date or incorrect; where our basis for processing your personal data is consent, that your consent to further processing be withdrawn; where we received your personal data from a third party, inquire where the data originated; that we delete any personal data which we are holding about you; restrict the way that we process your personal data; prevent the processing of your personal data for direct-marketing purposes; that we provide, or not provide, your personal data to a third party provider of services; that we provide you with a copy of any personal data which we hold about you; or that we consider any valid objections which you have to our use of your personal data. Under applicable law, certain personal data may be exempt from such requests in certain circumstances. If you would like further information about these rights or would like to exercise any of them, please contact our Privacy Officer in any of the ways listed below.

**Privacy Shield**  
ISA complies with the EU-US Privacy Shield Framework and the Swiss-US Privacy Shield Framework established by the US Department of Commerce regarding the collection, use, and retention of personal information transferred from the European Union, the United Kingdom, and Switzerland to the United States. ISA has, through one of its affiliates Lieberman Research Worldwide, certified to the Department of Commerce that it adheres to the Privacy Shield Principles of Notice, Choice, Accountability for Onward Transfer, Security, Data Integrity and Purpose Limitation, Access, and Recourse, Enforcement and Liability. If there is any conflict between the policies in this privacy policy and the Privacy Shield Principles, the Privacy Shield Principles shall govern. To learn more about the Privacy Shield program, and to view our certification page, please visit https://www.privacyshield.gov. We will not disclose information to a third party without applying the Notice and Choice Principles, as indicated by the Privacy Shield Principles and the EU-US and Swiss-US Privacy Shield frameworks. We may be liable for inappropriate onward transfer of personal information to third parties.

**Children**  
We operate in compliance with the Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act (“COPPA”), governed by the US Federal Trade Commission (“FTC”). We do not collect, use or disclose information from children under the age of 13 online without a statement of permission from a parent or guardian. For more information on COPPA, please visit http://www.ftc.gov/ogc/coppa1.htm.

**Compliance and Enforcement**  
ISA is subject to the investigatory and enforcement authority of the FTC. Also, as members of the Insights Association and ESOMAR, we strive to model our policies according to guidelines promulgated by those organizations. We are available if you have questions about our Privacy Policy, or for processing a complaint. We also comply with the EU-US and Swiss-US Privacy Shield frameworks as set forth by the U.S. Department of Commerce regarding the collection, use, and retention of data from the European Union, the United Kingdom, and Switzerland. If you are concerned about our use of personal or client information, please contact our Privacy Officer by email at Legal@LRWonline.com or by telephone at 310.553.0550 or write to our Privacy Officer at 1900 Ave of the Stars, 16th Floor, Los Angeles, CA 90067 USA.

In compliance with the EU-US Privacy Shield and Swiss-US Privacy Shield Principles, ISA commits to resolve complaints about your privacy and our collection or use of your personal data. European Union, British, and Swiss individuals with inquiries or complaints regarding this privacy policy should first contact ISA at the contact information listed above.

ISA has further committed to refer unresolved privacy complaints under the EU-US and Swiss-US Privacy Shield Principles to an independent dispute resolution mechanism, the BBB EU PRIVACY SHIELD, a non-profit alternative dispute resolution provider located in the United States and operated by the Council of Better Business Bureaus. If you do not receive timely acknowledgment of your complaint, or if your complaint is not satisfactorily addressed, please visit http://www.bbb.org/EU-privacy-shield/for-eu-consumers/ for more information and to file a complaint.

Under limited circumstances, if your complaint is not resolved through these channels, a binding arbitration option may be available before a Privacy Shield Panel.

Finally, if required or permitted by law, you may also make a complaint to the data protection authority in the EU country where we may have operations or where we process personal data that relates to offering goods or service to you in the EU.

**Changes to the Privacy Policy**  
We may update this Privacy Policy from time to time by posting an amended version of the statement on one or more of our Websites. Please refer to this policy regularly.

Last update: July 8, 2019

## Associations & Affiliations
