> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the isanyoneup.com privacy policy that was archived on 2013-05-17. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20130517205404id_/http%3A//www.bullyville.com%3Fpage%3Dprivacy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# BullyVille :: Take the bull by the horns.

(Effective: April 12, 2012)

This Privacy Policy governs the manner in which BullyVille, Inc., a Delaware corporation, ("BullyVille") collects, uses, maintains and discloses information collected from users ("you," "your" or "User") of its BullyVille.com web site and any derivative or affiliated web sites on which this Privacy Policy is posted (collectively, the "Web Site"). BullyVille reserves the right, at its discretion, to change, modify, add or remove portions of this Privacy Policy at any time by posting such changes to this page. You understand that you have the affirmative obligation to check this Privacy Policy periodically for changes, and you hereby agree to periodically review this Privacy Policy for such changes. The continued use of the Web Site following the posting of changes to this Privacy Policy constitutes an acceptance of those changes. Capitalized terms not otherwise defined herein shall have the meanings ascribed to them in the BullyVille.com Terms of Service.

**Privacy**

BullyVille is committed to safeguarding the information you entrust to BullyVille and believes that every User should know how it utilizes the information collected from Users. Please note that the Web Site may contain links to other web sites, and the Web Site allows Users to download or otherwise access Content (including software), controlled by third parties. BullyVille is not responsible for the privacy practices of these or any other web sites or Content controlled by third parties, and you access and utilize such Content and web sites entirely at your own risk. BullyVille recommends that you review the privacy and other practices governing any other web sites that you choose to visit and any Content you wish to download or otherwise access.

BullyVille is based, and this web site is hosted, in the United States of America. If you are from the European Union, Canada or other regions of the world with laws governing data collection and use that may differ from U.S. law and you are registering an account on the Web Site, visiting the Web Site, purchasing products or services from BullyVille or the Web Site, or otherwise using the Web Site, please note that any personally identifiable information that you provide to BullyVille may be transferred to or utilized by BullyVille or its affiliates in the United States. Any such personally identifiable information provided may be processed and stored in the United States by BullyVille or a service provider acting on its behalf.

**The Information BullyVille Collects**

Users browsing the Web Site without registering an account or affirmatively providing personally identifiable information to BullyVille do so anonymously; however, certain non-personally identifying information is collected, as provided below. Users may provide and BullyVille may collect personally identifiable information from Users in a variety of ways. Personally identifiable information may include, without limitation, (i) contact data (such as a User's name, mailing and e-mail addresses); (ii) demographic data (such as a User's zip code or age); (iii) financial information collected to process Orders and purchases made from BullyVille via the Web Site or otherwise (such as credit card, debit card or other payment information); (iv) other information requested during the account registration process; and (v) information about the individual you would like to be notified about in the event of a bullyville posting, such as their first/last name and last known City/State of residence. BullyVille does not collect social security numbers. If you communicate with BullyVille by e-mail or otherwise, post User Content to the Web Site, post messages to any forums, complete online forms, surveys or entries, provide information outside of the account registration process, or otherwise interact with or uses the features on the Web Site, any information you provide may be collected by BullyVille.

BullyVille may also collect information about how Users use the Web Site, for example, by tracking the number of unique views received by the pages of the Web Site, or the domains and Internet Protocol ("IP") addresses from which Users originate. While not all of the information that BullyVille collects from Users is personally identifiable, it may be associated with personally identifiable information that Users provide BullyVille through the Web Site or otherwise. Additionally, certain information regarding your computer systems, network locations, IP address and software may be communicated to BullyVille in certain circumstances by the digital rights management systems associated with certain Content that you download or access via the Web Site in order to prevent unauthorized use or distribution of the associated Content. Non-personally identifiable information collected by BullyVille (such as patterns of utilization) is exclusively owned by BullyVille and may be used as it sees fit in accordance with applicable law.

**Cookies**

Like most web sites, the Web Site uses cookies and web log files to track site usage. A cookie is a tiny data file that resides on your computer that allows BullyVille to recognize you as a User when you return to the Web Site using the same computer and web browser. Like the information you enter during account registration, cookie and log file data is used to customize your experience on the Web Site. One type of cookie, known as a "persistent" cookie, is set once you have logged in to your Web Site account. The next time you visit our Web Site, the persistent cookie will allow us to recognize you as an existing User so you will not need to log in before using the Web Site. In order to access or change any of your private information, you must log in with your password even if your computer contains your persistent cookie. Additionally, if you log out of the Web Site you will need to re-enter your password the next time you visit in order to log in to your account. Another type of cookie, called a "session" cookie, is used to identify a particular visit to the Web Site. Session cookies expire after a short time or when you close your web browser. You can choose to disable cookies on your browser or allow your browser to notify you when a cookie is being sent, however this may prevent you from utilizing certain features of the Web Site.

**IP Addresses**

Due to the communications standards on the Internet, we automatically receive the uniform resource locator (URL) of the web site from which you came and the web site to which you proceed once you leave the Web Site. We also receive the IP address of your computer (or the proxy server you use to access the World Wide Web), your computer operating system and type of web browser you are using, as well as the name of your Internet service provider (ISP). This information is used to analyze overall trends to help us improve the Web Site. The linkage between your IP address and your personally identifiable information is shared with third parties in accordance with this Privacy Policy.

**Web Beacons and Ad Networks**

We may allow other companies, called ad networks, to serve advertisements to Users via the Web Site. Ad networks include third party ad servers, ad agencies, ad technology vendors and research firms. BullyVille may "target" some ads to Users that fit a certain general profile. To deliver these ads properly, the Web Site may include a file, called a web beacon, from these ad networks within pages served by the Web Site or implement other monitoring technologies so the networks may provide anonymous, aggregated auditing, research and reporting for advertisers as well as to target ads to you while you visit other web sites. These general targets may also be used by ad networks to display targeted ads on other web sites as a substitute for random, irrelevant ads. In addition, the Web Site may use the technology of ad networks to serve ads only when you visit this Web Site. Ad networks may use non-personal information, such as your state or zip code, in order to provide advertisements about goods and services that may be of particular interest to you while you visit this Web Site. Because your web browser must request these advertisements and web beacons from the ad network's servers, these companies can view, edit or set their own cookies, just as if you had requested a web page from their site.

**How BullyVille Uses Information**

BullyVille may use personally identifiable information collected through the Web Site for the specific purposes for which the information was collected, to process Orders made via the Web Site, to contact Users regarding Content, products and services offered by BullyVille, and otherwise to enhance Users' experience with BullyVille. BullyVille may also use information collected through the Web Site for research regarding the effectiveness of the Web Site and the business planning, marketing, advertising and sales efforts of BullyVille, its trusted affiliates, independent contractors and business partners. Information collected from you may also be used to ensure compliance with certain terms and conditions and agreements entered between you and BullyVille as well as to prevent unauthorized use or disclosure of Content downloaded or otherwise accessed via the Web Site.

BullyVille will communicate with you through email and notices posted on this Web Site. These may include a series of welcome emails which help inform new Users about various features of the Web Site, emails and confirmations regarding actions taken by you on the Web Site or Orders placed by you through the Web Site, and notices relating to the proper functioning of the Web Site or your account. BullyVille may use your personal information to send you promotional information relating to the Content, products and services offered by third parties that BullyVille feels may be of interest to you. The personal information you provide will allow us to alert you to new developments, new products, features and enhancements; special offers; upgrade opportunities; and surveys, contests and events of interest. We strive to limit use of the information you provide to those offers that we think you would appreciate receiving. To opt out of further communications from a marketing partner or sponsor with whom your information has been shared, please contact that partner directly. We may send BullyVille emails that may contain information regarding third-party products or services; however, this doesn't mean that we've traded your personal information to any party.

**Disclosure of Information**

BullyVille may disclose personally identifiable information collected from Users to its parent, subsidiary and other related companies, trusted affiliates, independent contractors and business partners who will use the information for the purposes outlined above, as necessary to provide the services offered by the Web Site and the Web Site itself, and for the specific purposes for which the information was collected. BullyVille may disclose personally identifiable information at the request of law enforcement or governmental agencies or in response to subpoenas, court orders or other legal process, to establish, protect or exercise BullyVille's legal or other rights, to defend against a legal claim or as otherwise allowed by law. BullyVille may disclose personally identifiable information in order to protect the rights, property or safety of a User or any other person. BullyVille may disclose personally identifiable information to investigate or prevent a violation by User of any contractual or other relationship with BullyVille or where BullyVille has a good faith belief that access, preservation or disclosure of such information is reasonably necessary to protect the rights, property or safety of BullyVille, its users or the public or the perpetration of any illegal or harmful activity. BullyVille may also disclose aggregate, anonymous data based on information collected from Users to Content developers, investors, advertisers and potential partners. Finally, BullyVille may disclose or transfer personally identifiable information collected from Users in connection with or in contemplation of a sale of its assets or business or a merger, consolidation or other reorganization of its business.

**Personal Information Provided as Part of User Content**

If a User includes such User's personally identifiable information as part of the User Content that such User posts to the Web Site, such information may be made available to any parties using the Web Site and/or such User Content. BullyVille does not edit or otherwise remove such information from User Content before it is posted on the Web Site. If a User does not wish to have such User's personally identifiable information made available in this manner, such User must remove any such information from the User Content before posting. User contact information (which may include, without limitation, a User's username and email address) may be included with any User Content that a User posts via the Web Site. BullyVille is not liable for any damages caused or incurred due to personally identifiable information made available in the foregoing manners.

**Security of Information**

Information about Users that is maintained on BullyVille's systems is protected using industry standard security measures. In order to secure your personal information, access to your data is password-protected, and sensitive data is protected by SSL encryption when it is exchanged between your web browser and the Web Site. However, no security measures are perfect or impenetrable, and BullyVille cannot guarantee that the information submitted to, maintained on or transmitted from its systems will be completely secure. BullyVille is not responsible for the circumvention of any privacy settings or security measures contained on the Web Site by any Users or third parties.

**Updating Personal Information; Opt-Out**

If your personally identifiable information changes, BullyVille will endeavor to provide a way to correct, update and/or remove your previously provided personal data. This can be done by emailing a request to BullyVille at info@bullyville.com . When you sign up for our updates or receive e-mail messages from BullyVille.com, you will always be given the chance to opt-out of special offers and site updates. You may change your preferences at any time and will only be contacted in manners consistent with your stated preferences. All retained personally identifiable information will continue to be subject to the terms of the Privacy Policy to which you have previously agreed.

**Contacting BullyVille**

If you have any questions or comments about this Privacy Policy, you may contact BullyVille via any of the following methods:

BullyVille, Inc.

info@bullyville.com
