> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the countryliving.com privacy policy that was archived on 2015-05-19. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20150519021750id_/http%3A//www.countryliving.com/about/privacy-policy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# privacy-policy

5\. Right to Opt-out

California & Canadian Users: Your California Privacy Rights. California's "Shine the Light" law, Civil Code section 1798.83, requires certain businesses to respond to requests from California customers asking about the businesses' practices related to disclosing personal information to third parties for the third parties' direct marketing purposes. Alternatively, such businesses may have in place a policy not to disclose personal information of customers to third parties for the third parties' direct marketing purposes if the customer has exercised an option to opt-out of such information sharing. We have such a policy in place. Sections 4(d) and 5(d) explain our practices and how you can opt-out of having your information shared with third parties for the third parties' direct or indirect marketing purposes, in accordance with such laws. In addition to reviewing Sections 4(d) and 5(d), if you wish to find out about any rights you may have under California Civil Code section 1798.83, you may notify us in writing at Mail Preference Service, P.O. Box 6000, Harlan, Iowa 51593 or contacting us atcustomercare@hearstmags.com. In the case of marketing via Paid Video Subscription Services, please refer to the customer service contact set forth at section 4(e) above. Canadian residents also have certain rights to know how their information may be shared with third parties who engage in direct marketing activities. Again, Sections 4(d) and 5(d) explain our practices and how you can opt-out of having your information shared for such purposes, in accordance with such laws. For the avoidance of doubt, these opt-out options are available for all users and are not limited to Californian and Canadian users.

Mobile Opt-out. We may provide you messages, including marketing, via your wireless email address or by short message service ("SMS Service"), WAP or Mobile Services as described in Section 6. You may opt-out of these messages from us by replying "STOP" or following the instructions provided in the message.

Marketing provided by Hearst. From time to time we may send you promotional materials on behalf of Hearst and/or third parties. If you want us to stop sending you promotional materials to your email, you may follow the unsubscribe instructions in the email or manage your preferences at https://preferences.hearstmags.com/Hearst/Login.aspx. If you want us to stop sending you promotional materials to your postal mailing address, you may notify us in writing by sending a notice to Mail Preference Service, P.O. Box 6000, Harlan, Iowa 51593 or contacting us at customercare@hearstmags.com. Certain Covered Sites may include a customer service link at the bottom of such site. If so, you may also manage your email preferences through that link.  
Marketing provided by Third Parties. From time to time we may disclose your contact information to third parties to allow them to market their products or services to you or for other marketing purposes. This may be information we received from you offline and online. If you want us to stop further sharing your email contact information with third parties (if we have your email contact information), you may notify us at https://preferences.hearstmags.com/Hearst/Login.aspx. If you want us to stop further sharing your postal mailing contact information with third parties (if we have your postal address), you may notify us in writing by sending a notice to Mail Preference Service, P.O. Box 6000, Harlan, Iowa 51593 or contacting us at customercare@hearstmags.com. If you wish to opt out of having your information shared with marketing services companies, please see section 4(d) above. In the case of marketing via Paid Video Subscription Services, please refer to the customer service contact set forth at section 4(e) above. Please follow the instructions provided to you by third parties to unsubscribe from their messages.

Exceptions. If you have opted-out as described above, and thereafter you elect to use a service or promotion that requires us to contact you or share your information with a third party (e.g., you enter into a contest or sweepstakes or use an ecommerce service after opting-out), then your previous opt-out preferences will not apply to such service. Despite your indicated preferences, we may send you service related communications, including notices about your subscription, and we may continue disclosing your information to third parties under the Service Provider Exception, Legal Exceptions, and Acquisition Exception described above.  
Device Settings. Our digital applications may provide you alerts and you can change your preferences regarding these alerts through your device settings.  
6\. Wireless Email Address, Short Message Services and WAP. If the email address you provide to us is a wireless email address, you agree to receive messages at such address from Hearst or from third parties. Similarly, we may make available services through which you can receive messages on your phone or wireless device SMS Service or WAP Services. We may also make available content and versions of our Covered Sites available via WAP and Mobile Services. If you subscribe to one of our SMS, WAP or Mobile Services, you thereby agree to receive services and messages at the address you provide for such purposes. Such messages may come from Hearst, or from third parties. To use the wireless email address, SMS, WAP, or Mobile Service, you must reside in the United States. We may also obtain the date, time and content of your messages. We will use the information we obtain in connection with these services in accordance with this Privacy Policy. Your wireless carrier and other service providers may also collect data about your wireless device usage, and their practices are governed by their own policies. By providing us your wireless email address or by signing up for any SMS, WAP, or Mobile Service, you consent to receiving messages as described above. You understand that your wireless carrier's standard rates apply to these messages. You represent that you are the owner or authorized user of the wireless device on which messages will be received, and that you are authorized to approve the applicable charges.

7\. Security of Your Personally Identifiable Information. We use a variety of industry-standard security technologies and procedures to help protect your Personally Identifiable Information from unauthorized access, use, or disclosure. We also require you to enter a password to access your registration information. Please do not disclose your registration password to unauthorized people. No method of transmission over the Internet, or method of electronic storage, is 100% secure, however. Therefore, while Hearst uses reasonable efforts to protect your Personally Identifiable Information, Hearst cannot guarantee its absolute security.

8\. Kids And Parents. The Covered Sites are not intended for use by children, especially those under age 13. If your children disclose information about themselves in our public discussion areas, they may get unsolicited messages from other parties. Accordingly, you should tell them not to do so. There are also commercially available tools to help you limits your children's exposure to material online. Minors' Right to Request Deletion of User-Posted Comments: If you are a California resident and registered user on Seventeen.com and posted comments on that site when you were under 18 years old, you may request deletion of those comments by contacting us atwebfeedback@seventeen.com. and indicate in the subject line "California take-down request". You must provide us with the live url where the content resides, a copy of the content (cut and pasted into your email), the date of publication and, if applicable, the user name associated with it. We will act as promptly as possible to remove the posting (except in certain circumstances mandated by law). Note that our deletion does not ensure complete or comprehensive removal of your content from the internet and comments that may have been posted by others about you or your posting will remain accessible online.

9\. Non-U.S. Users. If you are located outside of the United States, please note that the information you provide to us will be transferred to and processed in the United States, where laws regarding processing of Personally Identifiable Information may be less stringent than the laws in your country. By using this Covered Site, you consent to this transfer and processing. You also consent to the adjudication of any disputes arising in connection with this Covered Site in the federal and state courts of, and in accordance with the laws of, the state of New York.

10\. Changes to This privacy policy. This privacy policy is subject to occasional revision, and if we make any material changes in the way we use your Personally Identifiable Information, we will prominently post notice of the changes on our Covered Sites. Any changes to this privacy policy will be effective upon thirty (30) calendar days following our posting of notice of the changes on our Covered Sites. These changes will be effective immediately for new users of our Covered Sites. Continued use of our Covered Sites, following notice of such changes shall indicate your acknowledgement of such changes and agreement to be bound by the terms and conditions of such changes.

This policy was last updated on December 31, 2014.
