> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the countdown.co.nz privacy policy that was archived on 2014-07-02. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20140702142225id_/http%3A//www.countdown.co.nz/about-us/privacy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Countdown - About Us - Privacy

This privacy policy is written to demonstrate our commitment to privacy and to outline our data collection and usage policies. By using the Site and / or by signing up to any service provided via the Site, you consent to the collection and use of your personal information as set out in this privacy policy. Terms used in this privacy policy have the same meaning given in the [Terms](https://web.archive.org/about-us/terms-and-conditions "Terms and Conditions"). In the event of a conflict or inconsistency between this privacy policy and the Terms, the Terms will prevail.

If you wish to apply for a Onecard or a Onecard Visa, a separate privacy policy applies in addition to this privacy policy. A separate privacy policy also applies to [Countdown Online](http://shop.countdown.co.nz/?banner=www#url=/Shop/PrivacyPolicy "Privacy"). GE’s privacy policy applies to any personal information supplied to GE in connection with Onecard Visa.

**Collection of information**

  1. Information collected through the Site may include personal information about you. The information collected by us may include personal information:
    1. you provide to us by submitting information through any method on this Site, including in connection with the application for a Onecard or a Onecard Visa;
    2. collected by us through click tracking in relation to your use of the Site including the content you access and any services you utilise; and
    3. collected by us through log files or cookies (as set out below and in the [Terms](https://www.countdown.co.nz/onecard/onecard-visa/terms-and-conditions "Terms and Conditions")).



We may also collect aggregated information generated by our systems, which tracks traffic to our Site but does not relate to you personally.

**Who is collecting the information?**

  1. The pages about Countdown and its brands, products, and services, including Onecard, and the informational and initial application pages for Onecard Visa are hosted by us or on our behalf and information submitted on these pages is held by us or on our behalf. The privacy policy specific to the following Countdown services can be found by clicking on the following links: [Countdown Online](http://shop.countdown.co.nz/#url=/Shop/PrivacyPolicy) | [Onecard](https://www.countdown.co.nz/onecard/terms-and-conditions "Terms and Conditions")


  1. The final stages of the Onecard Visa application and the "Onecard Visa Online Service Centre" are maintained and hosted by or on behalf GE Finance and Insurance ("GE "). GE is the issuer and credit provider for Onecard Visa. An on-screen notification will inform you when you are routed to the GE website during your Onecard Visa application. Any information you submit at this website will be sent directly to GE. If you would like to know more about GE’s privacy practices concerning your personal information, please refer to the [Important Privacy Notices](http://www.gemoney.co.nz/en/privacy_policy.html) of GE.



**Consequences for failure to provide**

  1. Failure to provide necessary personal information when requested may result in us not being able to provide goods and/or services to you.



**Log files**

  1. We use log files in order to enhance your experience on our Site and to analyse trends. Log files gather information such as which URL you just came from, which URL you go to next, what browser you are using and your IP address. This information is used to analyse trends and administer and operate the Site. Users who log-in to the Site have their IP address recorded, which can be used to identify a user; however we will treat this information as personal information.



**Cookies**

  1. Cookies are small pieces of information that are stored on a user's computer. We use cookies to personalise your experience on the Site, make it easier for you to navigate our site, and improve your experience by storing your search, posting and application history, and your login details. We may also use cookies to target certain advertisements or promotions to your browser which may be of interest to you. Cookies can be disabled via your web browser; however doing so may limit your access to some of the Site's content and features.



**Use of information**

  1. The personal information you provide may be used by us (and our employees, officers, agents, contractors and affiliates as defined below) to:
    1. assist us in the provision of our products and services provided to you and improving those products and services by tailoring them to meet your needs;
    2. provide you with further information about us or other Sites or goods or services offered by us or our affiliates or which we consider may be of interest to you;
    3. carry out marketing, promotional and publicity purposes including direct marketing, market research and survey;
    4. keep the Site relevant and of interest to users;
    5. show you advertising and information that is most relevant to you and your interests;
    6. undertake analysis in aggregate form (identifiable characteristics removed so that you will remain anonymous); and
    7. achieve any other purpose which is stated to you at the time of collection or that you otherwise authorise, including, for example, the purposes stated in the Onecard privacy policy.



**Information Sharing and Disclosure**

  1. In relation to personal information we:
    1. may disclose information about you, including your personal information, to our affiliates (which means any related company or any person or other entity which directly or indirectly controls, is controlled by or is under common control with us) for the purposes set out in section 7 above or to any third party where you have consented to such disclosure;
    2. may disclose information about you, including your personal information, to our agents, contractors and suppliers to enable them to provide services and products to us in relation to the Site including hosting services and support services; and
    3. reserve the right to disclose your personal information when we believe it is appropriate to comply with the law, facilitate court proceedings or to protect our rights.



We may share aggregated demographic information about our user base with our affiliates, partners and advertisers. However, you will not be individually identified.

**Advertising and third party links**

  1. The Site may contain links to a variety of advertising and third party site sources such as GE in connection with the Onecard Visa product and Onecard Visa Online Service Centre. Some of these links may request or record information from users or use cookies or other methods to collect information from you. We have no control over the content or privacy policy practices of such sites, and encourage our users to review the privacy policies of such sites before engaging in any activity with them.



**Data Storage and Security**

  1. Any personal information that you provide to us through the Site will be collected and held by us or on our behalf. Our address is 80 Favona Rd, Mangere, Auckland 1640, New Zealand. We will take reasonable technical and organisational precautions (including complying with generally accepted industry standards) to prevent the loss, misuse or unauthorised alteration of your personal information. However, no method is completely secure, and while we take all reasonable measures we cannot ensure or warrant the security of any information we collect from you. You are responsible for ensuring your Internet browser and computer system are secure (including, but not limited to, free and secure from viruses) and can support any security measures we use to protect your personal information. Sensitive information, such as data entered during the Onecard or Onecard Visa application process, is encrypted using SSL technology.



**Data Access and Correction**

  1. Under the Privacy Act 1993 you have rights of access to, and to request correction of, personal information that we hold. This Site has functionality to access, change and update your personal information for Onecard. Otherwise, you can access or request correction of personal information by contacting our Customer Care Centre on phone on 0800 40 40 40. If you hold a Onecard Visa and you would like to change your personal information for Onecard Visa, you can do this via the Onecard Visa Online Service Centre.



**Commercial electronic messages**

  1. If you provide us with electronic contact details, you agree that we may send you commercial electronic messages (e.g. emails) for any of the purposes set out in this privacy policy.



**Opting in and Opting Out**

  1. If our intended collection, use or disclosure of your personal information is outside the collection, use or disclosure set out in this privacy policy or the Onecard policy we will give you the option to:
    1. opt out and not receive certain services; or
    2. opt in.
    3. To unsubscribe from Countdown communications you can do one of the following

·         call our contact centre on 0800 40 40 40

·         reply to the email you receive

·         login to [www.countdown.co.nz](https://web.archive.org/) to update your preferences




**Business Transitions**

  1. In the event of a change in ownership of all or a portion of Progressive Enterprises Limited, its affiliates or the Site, your user information may be transferred to the new owner so that the Site can continue operations. In this event, your information would remain subject to this privacy policy.


