> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the couponbear.com privacy policy that was archived on 2016-01-16. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20160116031640id_/http%3A//remembercoupons.com/site/refund) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Remember Coupons

#### RememberCoupons.com Privacy Policy

PLEASE READ THIS PRIVACY POLICY CAREFULLY. BY USING THE WEBSITE, YOU ACKNOWLEDGE THAT YOU HAVE READ, UNDERSTAND AND AGREE TO BE BOUND TO ALL THE TERMS OF THIS PRIVACY POLICY. IF YOU DO NOT AGREE TO THESE TERMS, PLEASE DO NOT USE OUR WEBSITE.

This privacy policy of RememberCoupons.com sets forth the information disclosure policies for the RememberCoupons.com website, and specifically states what information RememberCoupons.com, an Illinois Corporation, collects from you, the user of the Website.

The following terms will be used and substituted throughout the following document: RememberCoupons.com is herein referred to as "Website” RememberCoupons.com is herein referred to as "Company", "us" or "we". The website user is herein referred to as "you", "End User", or “Your”.

Your submission of information to the Company is optional, although there are certain pieces of information that we may require if you want to engage in certain Website activities. If you want to buy products or services on the Website, we must have your permission for us to send you emails. You cannot opt-out of these emails which relate to your website activity, and include emails relating to your account, requests or inquiries and purchases of products and services. Unlike the aforementioned emails, you must opt-in to receive promotional emails. These emails advertise our products and services, exclusive sales, special offers and/or the products and services of our advertisers and/or affiliates. If you do not want to receive Promotional Emails from us, after you have opted-in to receive these emails, you may elect to opt-out of receiving Promotional Emails at any time by sending an email to us at support@remembercoupons.com, by written request mailed to us at our business address, or by clicking the "unsubscribe" button at the bottom of any promotional email. When contacting us, please indicate your name, address, email address and what Promotional Emails you do not want to receive.

We collect two types of information from you: Non-personally Identifiable Information and Personally Identifiable Information. Non-personally Identifiable Information is information that does not specifically identify you. This information includes things like the Uniform Resource Locator ("URL") of the website you visited before coming to the Website, the URL of the website you visit after leaving the Website, the type of browser you are using and your Internet Protocol ("IP") address. Through the use of electronic tools like Cookies and Web beacons, we, our advertisers and third-party service providers, may collect this information when you visit the Website. We use Non-Personally Identifiable Information to maintain and administer the Website, analyze trends, gather demographic information and comply with applicable law. We may share this information with others without notice to you or consent from you. Personally Identifiable Information is information that identifies you individually. When you engage in certain Website activities, such as creating an account, ordering a product or service, submitting or posting content, signing up for a special offer, completing a survey, sending feedback, requesting or submitting information, we may need you to provide us with information about yourself. It is optional for you to engage in an Identification Activity. If, however, you choose to engage in an Identification Activity, we may require that you provide us certain personal information, such as your name, mailing address, email address, telephone number and/or date of birth. When you order products or services, we may require that you provide us with your credit card number, expiration date and authentication codes or related information. Depending on the activity, some of the information we ask you to provide is identified as required and some are identified as voluntary. If you do not provide the required information for a particular activity, you will not be permitted to engage in that activity. We may exploit, use and disclose your Non-Personally Identifiable Information without limitation of any kind.

We use Personally Identifiable Information to improve the Website and our administration of the Website, including but not limited to , resolving disputes, accomplishing administrative tasks, contacting you, enforcing our agreements with you, and complying with applicable law and complying with law enforcement activities. We may use any correspondence you send to us for training, marketing and/or promotional purposes, and we may store and use information you provide us to deliver purchased goods or services. We will not share your Personally Identifiable Information with other parties except as provided below with the exception of affiliate providers. We may provide products or services jointly with certain businesses known as affiliated businesses or affiliated providers. We may share your Personally Identifiable Information with Affiliate Providers to help them deliver purchased goods and services. Sharing this information will allow an Affiliate Provider to market products and services directly to you, should they so choose. We will only share your Personally Identifiable Information with Affiliate Providers with which you are involved in an Identification Activity.

We may engage certain third party service providers to help us administer the RememberCoupons.com, and provide products and services. These Service Providers may act on our behalf. We may share your Personally Identifiable Information with the Service Providers to assist in the provision of our products and services. For example, we will release your credit card information to the card-issuing bank to confirm payment for an ordered product or service and, if applicable, release your address to the delivery service to deliver the product or service.

If RememberCoupons.com merges with or is acquired by another business, the acquiring company would acquire the information we maintain, including Personally Identifiable Information.

We may disclose Personally Identifiable Information when we believe, in our sole discretion, release is appropriate to comply with applicable law or a court order, to enforce or apply this Privacy Policy, or protect the rights, property, goodwill or safety of the Website, its users or others.

The use of your Personally Identifiable Information by Affiliate Providers, Service Providers or Acquiring Companies is governed by the privacy policies of such parties, if any, and is not subject to our control.

You may update your Personally Identifiable Information by sending us an email at support@remembercoupons.com, or writing to us at our business address. Please indicate your name, mailing address and email address, and what information you would like to update when you contact us. Please update your Personally Identifiable Information if it changes. You may ask us to delete your Personally Identifiable Information from our system, however, because we archive and keep track of past transactions, you cannot delete information associated with past transactions (or archived information) on the Website.

You can access your Personally Identifiable Information on our Website through a password and your email address. This password is encrypted. We recommend that you do not share your password with anyone. In addition, your Personally Identifiable Information resides on a secure server that only selected personnel and contractors have access to. We encrypt certain sensitive information using Secure Socket Layer (SSL) technology to ensure that your Personally Identifiable Information is safe as it is transmitted to us. We do not guarantee the security of any information transmitted to or from the website, and are not responsible for the actions of any third parties that may receive any such information.

We may assign your computer one or more cookies that may collect information to facilitate access to the Website and to personalize your online experience. We may also use standard Internet tools, such as web beacons that collect information and/or tracks your use of the Website and enables us to customize our services and advertisements.

Through the use of cookies, we may automatically collect information about your online activity on the Website, such as the web pages you visit, the links you click, and the searches you conduct on the Website. When you sign in to your account on the Website, we will record your user or member ID (unique identifier) and the name associated with such information in the cookie file on your computer. We may allow our Affiliate Providers, Service Providers and advertisers to serve cookies from the Website to allow them to assist us in various activities, such as doing analysis and research on the effectiveness of the Website, its content and advertising. Most browsers allow you to delete or decline cookies by changing your browser settings. If you do so, some of the Website features and services may not function properly.

Web beacons (also known as clear gifs, pixel tags or web bugs) are tiny graphics with a unique identifier, similar in function to cookies, and are used to track your online movements or to access cookies. Unlike cookies that are stored on your computer hard drive, web beacons are embedded invisibly on the web pages (or in email) and are about the size of the period at the end of this sentence. Web beacons may be used to deliver or communicate with cookies, to count users who have visited certain pages and to understand usage patterns. We also may include web beacons in Promotional (or other) Email messages or newsletters to determine whether messages have been opened and acted upon. We also may receive an anonymous identification number if you come to the Website from an online advertisement displayed on a third-party website.

This Privacy Policy only covers information we collect from your use of the Website. Third-party websites accessible through this Website have their own privacy policies, terms and conditions, and data collection policies. We make no representation as to the safety or policies of such sites. It is your responsibility to review each such website's privacy policy and related terms and conditions. We are not responsible for the policies or practices of third parties.

We may change this Privacy Policy at any time by posting the revised Privacy Policy on this page. It is your responsibility to review the Website and the Privacy Policy to learn of any revisions to this Privacy Policy. Your continued use of the Website after a change to the Privacy Policy will constitute your acknowledgment and acceptance of the terms of the revised Privacy Policy.

Minors under the age of 13 may not use the Website. We do not collect or maintain information from anyone known to be under the age of 13, and no part of the Website is designed to attract anyone under the age of 13. By using the Website, you certify to us that you are at least 18 years old, and agree to be fully responsible for your use of the Website and any and all financial charges and legal liability that you may incurred.

We provide areas on the Website where you can post information about yourself, can communicate with others or can review products and services, and submit media content publically. This information is accessible, and can be read, collected, and used by others. We do not control who reads your postings, or what they do with the information.

California law requires that we provide you a summary of your privacy rights under the California Online Privacy Protection Act and the California Business and Professions Code. California Law requires us to inform you, and we will inform you, at your request, of the categories of Personally Identifiable Information we collect and what third parties we share that information with; the names and addresses of those third parties; and examples of the products marketed by those companies. California Law requires us to allow you to control who you do not want us to share that information with. To obtain this information, please contact us by mail at our business address. When contacting us, please indicate your name, address, email address and what Personally Identifiable Information you do not want us to share such third parties.

If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, please contact us.

Remember Coupons

310 W. Copperfield Drive

Dunlap, IL 61525
