> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the couponcraze.com privacy policy that was archived on 2010-12-30. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20101230083248id_/http%3A//www.couponcraze.com/site/privacy-policy.shtml) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Coupon Craze - Privacy Policy

  
**Privacy Policy**   
Welcome to the Coupon Craze Website (the " **Website** ") operated by FlashVIC, Inc (" **FlashVIC** "). 

We provide the content and services available on the Website to you subject to the following terms and conditions, which include this Privacy Policy (" **Privacy Policy** "). 

**Information Collection and Use**

You can generally visit our Website without revealing any Personally-Identifiable Data about yourself. In order to use some features (" **Services** "), however, we may collect personally identifiable information, such as your name, address, email address, phone number, username, password, credit card number, and other information (" **Personally-Identifiable Data** "). Additionally, we may invite you to participate in surveys, questionnaires or contests, contact us with questions or comments or provide us with feedback, which due to the nature of some of these activities, may include the collection of Personally-Identifiable Data. Additionally, by accessing the Website or using the Services, we might collect additional data as set forth below in the "Aggregate Information" paragraph. 

We may use your Personally-Identifiable Data to register you to use our Services, confirm your identify, contact you to deliver certain services, news or information related to the Services, verify your authority to use our Services, and improve the content and general administration of the Website and our Services. If you are unwilling to allow your Personally-Identifiable Data to be used as described in this Section, you should not sign up for or use the Services. 

**Children's Privacy**

We recognize the privacy interests of children and we encourage parents and guardians to take an active role in their children's online activities and interests. This Website is not intended for children under the age of 13. We do not target our Services or this Website to children under 13. We do not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from children under the age of 13. 

**Cookies**

We may use small text files called cookies to improve overall Website experience. A cookie is a piece of data stored on the user's hard drive containing information about the user. Cookies generally do not permit us to personally identify you. 

**Aggregate Information**

The Website may track the total number of visitors to our Website, the number of visitors to each page of our Website, browser type, and IP addresses, and we may analyze this data for trends and statistics in the aggregate, but such information will be maintained, used and disclosed in aggregate form only and it will not contain personally identifiable information. We may use such aggregate information to analyze trends, administer the Website, track users' movement, and gather broad demographic information for aggregate use. 

**Disclosure**

We may provide your Personally-Identifiable Data and the data generated by cookies and the aggregate information to the vendors and service agencies that we may engage to assist us in providing our Services to you. For example, we may provide your Personally-Identifiable Data to a credit card processing company to process your payment or to a marketing, research and/or advertising agency to send advertising to you on our behalf. Such third party entities will be restricted from further distributing your Personally-Identifiable Data and from using your Personally-Identifiable Data for commercial purposes and may be obligated to a written confidentiality agreement that is at least as protective of your Personally-Identifiable Data as the terms of this Privacy Policy. We will disclose your Personally-Identifiable Data if we reasonably believe we are required to do so by law, regulation or other government authority. We will not sell your Personally-Identifiable Data to any company or organization except we may transfer your Personally-Identifiable Data to a successor entity upon a merger, consolidation or other corporate reorganization in which we participate or to a purchaser of all or substantially all of our assets to which this Website relates. 

**Security**

We employ procedural and technological security measures that are reasonably designed to help protect your Personally-Identifiable Data from loss, unauthorized access, disclosure, alteration or destruction, which includes encryption, password protection, and other security measures to help prevent unauthorized access to your Personally-Identifiable Data. 

**Correction/Updating Personally Identifiable Information**

We provide you with the ability to review, correct and delete any of the Personally-Identifiable Data that you have provided to us; provided, however upon deletion you must cease using the Services since we will no longer be able to provide the Services to you. If you wish to review or correct any Personally-Identifiable Data you have provided to us, please contact us. 

**International Users**

All data that we collect, including Personally-Identifiable Data as provided for in this Privacy Policy, is collected and processed in the United States. If you are not a resident of the United States and you use the Website, you acknowledge and agree that we may store, collect, transfer and use your data that we collect, including Personally-Identifiable Data, in the United States. Please note that the level of legal protection provided in the United States for your data is not as stringent as that under European Union privacy standards or the privacy laws of some other countries, possibly including your home jurisdiction. 

If you have any questions regarding this Privacy Policy please contact us via email. 

This Privacy Policy was last updated: 10/5/10 
