> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the peachtree.com privacy policy that was archived on 2008-06-19. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20080619044405id_/http%3A//sagesoftware.com/company/privacy.cfm) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Sage Software, Inc. - Privacy

Privacy Statement

This Site is operated by or on behalf of a company within a group of affiliated companies collectively referred to as “The Sage Software Companies” with each such affiliated company being directly or indirectly wholly owned by The Sage Group plc. ( **“The Sage Group”** ). At Sage Software user privacy is important to us. We want you to feel confident visiting our Web sites and using our products. This Privacy Statement outlines the privacy practices regarding information collected by Sage Software at this Web site and other Sage Software Web sites that link to this Privacy Statement (the " **Sites** ") and will tell you, as of the " **Last Revised** " date set forth at the end of this Privacy Statement, what information Sage Software collects at the Sites, how we use that information, what choices you have concerning how such information is used and how we protect your information. We encourage you to read our Privacy Statement so that you will understand both our commitment to you and your privacy and how you can participate in that commitment. 

The following sections make up our Privacy Statement. For immediate access to specific details, click on the applicable heading. 

  * Business Information Collection and Use By Sage Software 
  * Disclosure of Your Business Information 
  * How Sage Software Protects Your Privacy Internally 
  * Your Privacy Choices 
  * Correcting or Updating Your Business Information and Contacting Sage Software 
  * Linked Sites 
  * Consent to Transfer 
  * Changes to this Privacy Statement 



**Public Forums.** Please remember that any information (including personal and business information) that you submit, post or otherwise reveal in a public forum (such as a bulletin board, chat room, blog or product discussion forum) is not subject to this Privacy Statement, will be seen by third parties not related to Sage Software and may be used by them or Sage Software to contact you for any purpose. 

**Statement Regarding Children.** Sage Software's products and services are not designed to appeal to children under the age of 13. As such, the Sites are not directed at children under the age of 13 nor do we knowingly collect or maintain information from children under the age of 13 on the Sites. 

Business Information Collection and Use By Sage Software

Sage Software collects the Business Information necessary to enable us to respond to your requests for our products and services and to send you information regarding our products and services from time to time. Since most of the users of our products and Sites are doing so in their capacity as employees or companies, most Business Information we collect will be in that capacity (rather than information about you individually, such as your personal tastes, etc.). For these purposes, we have defined " **Business Information** " as any information that identifies or may identify a company or an individual contact at a company or that allows others to contact a company or an individual contact at a company. When you visit the Sites, you may be asked to submit information such as e-mail address, company name, address, phone number, your product version and/or areas of interest. We may also ask you where you heard about our company or products, or for other information that will help us understand more about your needs or help us process your requests for information. In addition, we collect credit card and related payment information when you order products, services or support plans online. Our information collection and use practices are described in more detail below. 

**Product Registration.** You may be asked, on behalf of your company, to complete registration/activation form(s) on the Sites or from within the products, with contact information for use by Sage Software in accordance with this policy. Registration or activation information may include the name of your company, contact information, product information, customer ID, network and operating system, and other relevant information. 

**Customer Profile.** We also collect Business Information when you create a customer profile or Passport account on some of the Sites, which is required in order to access certain areas of the Sites, purchase support plans and products, to obtain software downloads and certain online support services and to request information from us about our products and services.. This information includes company name and contact information and other information about your company (for example, size, revenue, and number of employees), the products you may have licensed and other non-Sage products you may currently use. We use this information in accordance with this policy to identify you, process your requests and administer your Sage Software account(s). 

**Support.** We offer certain limited online support services at the Sites. If you access online support on any of the Sites, you may be asked for information such as customer ID, product name, product version and other information to help us determine what the technical issues are and how best to help you resolve them. In addition, certain products allow you to submit support-related questions directly from the product. If you access online support services from a product, information about your network, operating system, printer, data and program path, product type, version, customer ID, the product's technical support information sheet, product serial number and other similar information will be automatically pre-populated for submission to our customer support representatives to assist them in answering your questions. 

**Newsletters.** When you subscribe or sign up to receive newsletters published or offered via the Sites, we will ask you for information necessary to enable us to process your request and to send you information regarding our products and services. 

**Cookies.** We also use Cookies to enhance the user experience, deliver personalized content and collect information about the use of the Sites. " **Cookies** " are small computer files that we transfer to your computer's hard drive. Cookies allow us to statistically monitor how many people are using the Sites and for what purposes, how often someone visits the Sites and the length of their stay. This information helps us dynamically generate advertising and information specifically designed for your interests. We also use Cookies to prevent you from having to re-enter your identification and password information each time you visit our Sites. Cookies are not designed to retrieve personal or business data from your hard drive, your e-mail or any other personal information. Most browsers are initially set to accept Cookies, but users can change the setting to refuse Cookies or to be alerted when Cookies are being sent. Although refusal of Cookies will not interfere with the ability to interact with most of the Sites, you will need to accept Cookies in order to access information and use certain functions. For example, Cookies are required to be accepted for access to our Web-based services or desktop products with online features. The Cookies are renewed each time a user logs on to one of the Sites that uses Cookies. 

**Product-Related Information Collection.** Sage Software collects certain additional information in connection with your use of our services or desktop products with online features. For instance: 

  * **Product Updates.** Some products provide you with the ability to download and register product and/or tax updates as they become available. During the download and registration process, we collect Business Information, including customer ID number and product version, type and serial number, in order to authorize your access and provide you with the appropriate update, and to update our records as to the product and products updates you have downloaded or installed. 
  * **Account Set-Up and Access.** Upon subscribing to our services, Sage Software collects Business Information, which may include information such as product serial number, customer ID and your customer profile information, in order to identify you and authorize your access and use of the services and provide you with your relevant account information. Certain products provide you with the ability to access your account in order to obtain information such as your support plan status, service subscriptions, registrations and order history. 
  * **Online Product /Account Application.** Certain products and services are subject to an application and enrollment process, which may be completed on paper or online. Information requested may include federal ID numbers, bank account, payroll, credit card and contact information. This information is used to process your enrollment request and, if approved, to set up and administer your account. 
  * **Web-based Services.** In connection with certain of our Web-based services we collect certain additional information, including IP address, browser, connection speed, domain, referring URL and other environment-related information to enable us to provide a secure environment for the use of the services, to pre-populate forms and calculate aggregate statistical information about the customers using these services. 



**Sage Software Products & Services.** In addition to the uses set forth above, Sage Software may use your Business Information to: 1) inform you of product upgrades and updates and subscription renewals; 2) inform you of tax, regulatory and other compliance issues with your software product or service; 3) notify you of products and services that we think may be of interest to you; 4) offer you discounts or other promotions with respect to Sage Software products and services that we think may interest you; and 5) contact you for survey purposes to determine how we can better service you or provide better products to meet your needs. 

**Other Sage Software Company Products & Services.** Your Business Information may be provided to one or more other Sage Software Companies to enable them to market products and services to you. In that case, the use of your Business Information would be governed by that Sage Software Company's privacy policy. 

**Third-Party Products.** Sage Software may also use your Business Information to inform you of special discounts or offers from other companies we have carefully selected and whose products and services may be of interest to you. 

Disclosure of Your Business Information

From time to time, Sage Software may be required to release Business Information: 1) to comply with valid legal requirements such as a law, regulation, search warrant, subpoena or court order; 2) to enforce or apply the terms of any of our service or license agreements; or 3) in special cases, such as protecting the rights, property or safety of Sage Software, our customers or others. We may also provide Business Information to government agencies and to our vendors, suppliers, authorized resellers and other business, development and industry partners (" **Partners** ") to enable them to: 1) provide us with products and services to better operate and maintain the Sites; 2) provide you with a product or service requested by you; or 3) enable them to market products or services to you. Sage Software also may provide information about you that does not allow you to be identified to, or contacted by, (" **Aggregate Information** ") third parties. For example, we might inform third parties regarding the number of users of the Sites and the activities they conduct while on the Sites. Depending on the circumstances, we may or may not charge for this Aggregate Information. We may also use this Aggregate Information as part of products or services that we provide to third parties and to improve our products, services and the Sites. 

**Partner and Government Services.** Sage Software may engage Partners to perform functions on our behalf, which may include assisting us in processing your Business Information. Certain Partners and government agencies may collect Business Information (such as business name, address, e-mail address, credit card information and customer ID) directly from you and use of that information and other information provided by you to third parties is not governed by this policy even though those Partners and government agencies may share such information with Sage Software. 

**Services and Product Data.** Business Information collected by Sage Software as set forth above does not include your company's data entered in the course of operating our products (" **Product Data** ") or data provided by you while using our services (" **Services Data** "). Sage Software will not access your Product Data or Services Data except in the following limited circumstances: (1) to provide you with technical support, solely at your request and with your permission; (2) on a limited-access basis to install updates, produce regular backups or restore data from backups at your request (3) where the inherent purpose of the product or service requires Sage Software to provide the Product Data or Services Data to a third party on your behalf (for example where Sage Software makes tax filings on your behalf or initiates bank transfers on your behalf) and, (4) unless you opt-out, to utilize Aggregate Information derived from Product Data and Services Data to help us improve our products and services and in developing additional offerings. Sage Software will not provide your Product Data or Services Data to any third party or permit any third party to access your Product Data or Services Data, except by your permission or to comply with valid legal requirements such as a law, regulation, search warrant, subpoena or court order. In addition, if at any time you decide to discontinue your use of the applicable service, your Services Data will be destroyed and removed from all servers according to terms set forth in your Service Agreement. 

**Business Transfers.** In the event that all or a portion of Sage Software or any other Sage Software Company (or the assets of one of those entities), is bought or sold, Business Information will likely be included among the transferred business assets, but such information remains subject to this Privacy Statement or a Privacy Statement substantially similar to this privacy statement. 

How Sage Software Protects Your Privacy Internally

Sage Software wants your Business Information to remain as secure as reasonably possible. We combine industry-standard technical safeguards with a code of conduct for those employees that are permitted to access our customers' Business Information. When you purchase a product or service online, Sage Software uses SSL encryption to encrypt your credit card information before it is sent to us in order to ensure the integrity and privacy of the credit card information that you provide to us via the Internet. 

Many of our Web-based services are hosted on servers that are co-located at a third party facility with whom we have a contract providing for security measures. For example, hosted Services Data is submitted via SSL encryption and stored on a server equipped with industry standard firewalls. 

Only authorized Sage Software employees, agents or independent contractors are permitted to access your Business Information, Product Data or Web Services Data. Those employees that violate our Privacy Statement are subject to disciplinary action, up to and including termination. 

Despite these security measures, Sage Software does not represent or warrant that Business Information will be protected against loss, misuse, attacks, or alteration by third parties. 

Your Privacy Choices

Occasionally, a Sage Software business unit may send you communications to provide you with information or promotions relating to products and services that may be of interest to you, including notification of important product issues and updates. You may opt out of receiving these communications as indicated below. However, please note that any election not to receive future communications applies only to promotional messages of the particular Sage Software business unit and you may receive promotional messages from other Sage Software business units until you make an opt out request with that business unit as indicated below. Additionally, we may still send you relationship or transactional messages in order to notify you of important product issues and updates, such as tax and other compliance-related matters, for the renewal of existing subscription services, to resolve specific questions or requests made by you via phone, fax, e-mail or the Web and in response to any activity completed on any of the Sites, including but not limited to, registration, ordering, downloads and requests for information. 

**Sage Software E-Mail Promotions.** Each e-mail we send will contain instructions on how to unsubscribe in the event that you do not wish to receive future promotional e-mails from the Sage Software business unit that sent you the e-mail promotion. If you choose to opt-out of receiving promotional e-mail communications from any Sage Software business unit, we may still periodically communicate with you via mail and telephone. Please allow 10 business days to be removed from the promotional e-mail list of a Sage Software business unit. 

**Third-Party E-Mail Promotions.** If you access and/or use any of the other Sage Software Companies' services or our Partner's services from a link on the Sites, a Sage Software/Partner co-branded site or by any other means, any information you reveal in connection with such service is submitted to that other Sage Software Company or to our Partner and is not subject to this Privacy Statement. You should consult the privacy policy of any other Sage Software Company, Partner or third-party site with respect to its treatment of any information that you may reveal in connection with such service. 

Correcting or Updating Your Business Information and Contacting Sage Software

You can always update the Business Information that you have provided to us and/or change your preferences with respect to marketing contacts from Sage Software by contacting the Sage Software business unit to which you provided your preferences. Please note that it may take up to 4 weeks to be removed from the Sage Software business unit’s mail lists and 10 days to be removed from e-mail and phone lists. 

Linked Sites

The Sites may contain links to third-party Web sites and resources (collectively, " **Linked Sites** "). These Linked Sites are provided solely as a convenience to you and not as an endorsement by Sage Software of the content on such Linked Sites. Sage Software makes no representations or warranties regarding the correctness, accuracy, performance or quality of any content, software, service or application found at any Linked Site. Sage Software is not responsible for the availability of the Linked Sites or the content or activities of such sites. If you decide to access any Linked Site, you do so at your own risk. Your use of any Linked Site is subject to the policies, terms of use and privacy policies of such Linked Site, if any. 

Consent to Transfer

Users located outside the United States who submit Business Information to Sage Software via the Sites should be aware that the information they submit will be transferred to our servers located in the United States. Your submission of Business Information to us constitutes your consent to this transfer. Although Sage Software will collect and use your Business Information only as stated in this Privacy Statement, laws generally applicable to the protection of personal data in the United States may not be as stringent as those in some users' home jurisdictions. 

Changes to this Privacy Statement

Sage Software may change this Privacy Statement at any time by posting the then current policy to the Sites. Your use of the Sites constitutes acceptance of the provisions of this Privacy Statement and your continued usage after such changes are posted constitutes acceptance of each revised Privacy Statement. 

Last revised July 2, 2007
