> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the pearsonassessments.com privacy policy that was archived on 2005-12-11. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20051211225300id_/http%3A//www.pearsonassessments.com/legal/privacy.htm) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Pearson Assessments Privacy Policy

| 

NCS Pearson, a Pearson Education business, has adopted the following privacy policy statement applicable to the website, www.pearsonassessments.com, a website designed to supply information about Pearson Assessments and its products and services. If you have any questions or concerns about this Privacy Policy, please contact us at [_pearsonassessments@pearson.com_](mailto:pearsonassessments@pearson.com). 

COLLECTION AND USE OF INFORMATION FROM USER INFORMATION REQUESTS. Users may, but are not required to, send inquiries or request further information about NCS Pearson and its products and services through completing a contact or request form or sending us an email message. We collect information, including name, organization, email address and the other information supplied through such contact or email. We may use such information to respond to the inquiry, supply information about NCS Pearson and its products and services to the user from time to time and maintain a record of the contact.

COLLECTION AND USE OF INFORMATION FROM CAREER INQUIRIES. Through the Careers page, a user may submit a resume or curriculum vitae (CV) and apply for a job or career at NCS Pearson. If you submit an application or a resume or CV, we may collect and keep a record of the submission, including the email address, the resume or CV and all information supplied with such submission, and use this information to evaluate you for an employment position at NCS Pearson. We also may, but are not obligated to, retain this information for the purpose of evaluating you for other employment opportunities in the future. 

INFORMATION FROM CHILDREN. This website is not directed to children or anyone under the age of 13. NCS Pearson will not, through this website, knowingly collect, maintain or use any personally identifiable information about anyone under the age of 13.

INFORMATION RECEIVED FROM INTERNET SERVICE PROVIDERS. This website receives information that is automatically generated by a user's Internet service provider (ISP). This information may include the IP address (a number automatically assigned to a computer by the ISP), the associated URLs, domain types, the browser type use to access or site, the country, state and telephone area code, the location of the ISP's servers, the pages of our site that the user views during the visit, any search terms entered on this site, and the website address and email address of a user. This information may be collected for system administration purposes, to gather broad demographic information and to monitor the level of activity on the site. NCS Pearson does not link IP addresses to personal information; however, we reserve the right to link IP addresses and other information supplied by the ISP to personally identifiable information in order to protect the integrity of our system and for security purposes. 

COOKIES. Cookies are small text files that a website transfers to your computer's browser. We may use cookies to measure traffic patterns, personalize content and control security. The cookies we use supply non-personally identifiable information, but may identify your computer, browser and Internet specifications.

TRANSMISSION OF INFORMATION. The Internet is a global environment. By using this site and sending information to us electronically, you consent to transborder and international transmission of any data that you may choose to supply us. Information transmissions to this site and emails sent to us may not be secure. Given the inherent operation and nature of the Internet, all Internet transmissions are done at the user's own risk. 

INFORMATION SHARING AND DISCLOSURE. Information collected through this site may be supplied to affiliates of NCS Pearson, and other companies and organizations who perform work for us under contract or sell products or services that complement our products and services. We also may disclose personally identifiable information in the following situations: (a) in response to a subpoena, court order or legal process, to the extent permitted and required by law; (b) to protect user security or the security of other persons, consistent with applicable laws; or; (c) in connection with a sale, joint venture or other transfer to some or all of the assets of NCS Pearson, Inc. We otherwise exercise commercially reasonable care to not otherwise share or disclose the names of users or any personally identifiable information with third parties, except with the prior approval of the user.

LINKS TO OTHER SITES. This site may contain links to other websites on the Internet that are owned and operated by third parties, or by NCS Pearson or its affiliates. The information practices of those websites are not covered by this Privacy Policy, but by their own terms and policies, which you should read carefully. These other sites may send their own cookies to users, collect data or solicit personal information. This privacy policy only applies to the www.ncspearson.com website. It is not intended to apply to other NCS Pearson websites, which may have different privacy policies. 

CHANGES TO THIS PRIVACY POLICY. We reserve the right to change the terms of this Privacy Policy from time to time by posting an updated Privacy Policy. We encourage you to review this Privacy Policy Statement periodically for any changes or updates.

February 25, 2002
