> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the wisemindhealthybody.com privacy policy that was archived on 2017-12-11. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20171211081406id_/http%3A//wisemindhealthybody.com/privacy-policy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy Policy - Wise Mind Healthy Body

1\. Introduction

www.wisemindhealthybody.com (“This Website”) is operated by RNL Creative, Inc.. Any reference to “We” or “us” in this privacy policy refers to RNL Creative, Inc.. Your information privacy is important to us. Here is This Website’s privacy policy.

2\. Modification

We reserve the right to make updates to this Privacy Policy at any time, and without giving prior notice, by simply posting an updated privacy policy here at this page – ( http://www.wisemindhealthybody.com/privacy.html ). This policy will be viewable on the site from the link at the foot of each of the site’s other pages. Please check periodically for updates. Your use of the site constitutes your acceptance of the current Privacy Policy.

3\. Personally Identifiable Information

This Website does not feature an email list and does not collect names or email addresses from site visitors.

4\. Children’s Online Privacy

This Website does not knowingly collect information from, or sell to, children under the age of 13.

5\. “Non-personally identifiable information” – Google Analytics, Cookies, IP Address etc.

As you use This Website, information typically deemed as “non-personally identifying” may be collected using various systems such as, but not limited to, cookies, server logs, Google Analytics and pixel tracking. By using This Website, you consent to such data collection and processing practices as set forth below.

Log files

As with most web sites, logs are automatically created which register the IP address and other information such as the date and time of access of This Website. We may use this information for general administrative, diagnostic or market research purposes. This web site uses common server-side statistics utilities, such as Awstats, that are provided by This Website’s hosting provider. These utilities provide user demographics such as the user’s country and city of location, IP address, browser type, and keywords used in searches used to find this site – and we may use such data for the purposes of optimizing the “performance” and quality of This Website, and for market research.

Cookies and Web Beacons

“Cookies” and “web beacons” are small text or images files that may be sent to a user’s computer when a web site is accessed. This Website may use cookies and web beacons for the purposes of tracking user behaviour with regard to improving services and market research.

Also, This Website may feature advertisements – and some third party advertisers’ ads on This Website may place and read cookies on the users’ web browser, or use web beacons to collect information. We have no access to or direct control over such cookies or web beacons.

• Third party vendors, including Google, use cookies to serve ads based on a user’s prior visits to your website.  
• Google’s use of the DoubleClick cookie enables it and its partners to serve ads to your users based on their visit to your sites and/or other sites on the Internet.  
• Users may opt out of the use of the DoubleClick cookie for interest-based advertising by visiting the ads preference manager. Alternatively, users can opt out of a third-party vendor’s use of cookies for interest based advertising by visiting aboutads.info.)

This Website also features ads from Amazon.com and Amazon ads may place cookies on visitors browsers. You may (possibly) be able to opt out of these cookies through Amazon.com or by visiting aboutads.info.) More info about Amazon’s use of cookies can be found here – http://www.amazon.com/gp/help/customer/display.html?nodeId=468496.

Most web browsers’ default settings are to accept cookies automatically – however it is possible with almost all browsers to change browser preferences, in order to refuse cookies or to request confirmation before accepting them. Browsers typically offer options to view and delete cookies that have already been placed on your browser. For example – Mozilla: Tools > Options > Privacy > Show Cookies > Remove Cookie. As with many other sites, some features of this site and its services may not function correctly if cookies are refused.

Google Analytics

This Website uses Google Analytics in order to track visitor activity with a view to observing and improve site performance, and for market research. Google Analytics may use cookies – and the information (such as, but not limited to, IP address, geographic location (town and country), date and time of access, time spent on site, keywords used in searches to find This Website) generated by the use of Google Analytics is transmitted to, and stored by Google Inc. We have access to this data but have no control over how this information is used by Google. Google Analytics’ Policies can be viewed here: http://www.google.com/analytics/

7\. Information Security

We have taken reasonable measures to protect such information of yours – whether personally or non-personally identifying, as may reside on my computer systems – such as password access, firewall, and physical locks. However, please note that no internet data transmission or physical data storage can be guaranteed to be 100% secure and we can make no absolute warranty in this regard.

8\. Links

This Website may contain links to and from other Websites, including advertisements. While we do our best only to link to quality resources, we are not responsible for the practices, privacy policy, terms of service or content of those sites.

9\. Contact

If you have any questions concerning this privacy policy, please contact us using the information provided below.

* * * * *

**CONTACT INFO**

For technical support, customer support, general inquiries and other appropriate assistance, please contact us:

[](http://cdn.wisemindhealthybody.com/wp-content/uploads/wmhb-email.png)
