> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the wiseintro.co privacy policy that was archived on 2019-01-26. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20190126173733id_/https%3A//www.wisestamp.com/privacy-policy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# WiseStamp Privacy Policy

Last Revised: October 17, 2017

WiseStamp Ltd. and its affiliates d/b/a WiseBrand ( **“WiseBrand”, “Company”, “we”** or **“us”** ) respects the privacy of the visitors and/or users of its Sites, Platform and related Services ( **“User”** or **“you”** ) and is committed to protect the personal information that you share with us. We believe that you have a right to know our practices regarding the information we may collect and use when you visit and/or use our Services.

Capitalized terms which are not defined herein, shall have the meaning ascribed to them in our Terms of Use at <http://wisebrand.co/terms-of-use/> (“TOU”), into which this Privacy Policy is incorporated by reference.

## Your Consent (PLEASE READ CAREFULLY!)

**BY ENTERING, CONNECTING TO, ACCESSING OR USING THE SITES AND/OR PLATFORM AND/OR BY USING THE SERVICES (AS SUCH TERMS IS DEFINED IN THE TOU), YOU AGREE TO THE TERMS AND CONDITIONS SET FORTH IN THIS PRIVACY POLICY (THE “PRIVACY POLICY”), INCLUDING TO THE COLLECTION AND PROCESSING OF YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION (AS DEFINED BELOW). IF YOU DISAGREE TO ANY TERM PROVIDED HEREIN, YOU MAY NOT ACCESS OR USE THE SITES AND/OR PLATFORM AND/OR SERVICES.**

**FOR AVOIDANCE OF DOUBT, YOU HEREBY CONSENT TO THE COLLECTION, PROCESSING, TRANSFER AND USE OF YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION. YOU ALSO ACKNOWLEDGE AND CONFIRM THAT YOU ARE NOT REQUIRED TO PROVIDE US WITH YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION AND THAT SUCH INFORMATION IS VOLUNTARILY PROVIDED TO US.**

**PLEASE NOTE THAT IN ORDER TO PROVIDE YOU WITH OUR SERVICES, YOU MAY BE REQUIRED TO LINK WITH THE SERVICES YOUR E-MAIL ACCOUNT OPERATED BY A THIRD PARTY SERVICE PROVIDER, THROUGH OPEN STANDARD FOR AUTHORIZATION (OAUTH), AND GRANT US CERTAIN ACCESS PERMISSION TO YOUR EMAIL ACCOUNT. TO THE EXTENT APPLICABLE, YOU HEREBY GRANT WISEBRAND ACCESS TO, AND THE ABILITY TO EXTRACT CERTAIN DATA WHICH ARE HELD IN YOUR EMAIL ACCOUNT AND/OR COPY SUCH MATERIALS AND DOCUMENTS, AS NECESSARY. PLEASE NOTE – WE WILL EXTRACT PERSONAL INFORMATION FROM YOUR EMAIL ACCOUNT SOLELY IN ORDER TO PROVIDE YOU WITH OUR SERVICES.  WE DO NOT SHARE YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION WITH ANY THIRD PARTY FOR MARKETING PURPOSES WHATSOEVER.**

## Which information we may collect on our Users?

We may collect two types of data and information from our Users:

  * Non-identifiable and anonymous information ( **“Non-personal Information”** ). **We are not aware of the identity of the User from whom we have collected the Non-personal Information.** Non-Personal Information is any unconcealed information which does not enable identification of an individual User, and which is available to us while such User is using the Services. Non-personal Information which is being gathered consists of technical information, behavioral information and aggregated information, and may contain, among other things, the activity of the User on the Sites and Platform, type of operating system, User’s ‘click-stream’ or searches on the Sites and Platform, type and version of browser, keyboard language, screen resolution, traffic source, etc.

In addition, we may collect Non-personal Information included in e-mails exchanged using email accounts that are associated with the Platform (including e-mails that do include the Signature generated by the Platform), such as impersonal information (including metadata) associated with your emails in your email account, emails that were opened and/or hyperlinks clicked by the recipient(s) and information contained in commercial electronic mail messages and transactional messages.

  * Personally identifiable information ( **“Personal Information”** ). **This information may identify an individual or may be of a private and/or sensitive nature.**
  * We gather the Users’ IP address (or Mac Address, as applicable) and/or advertiser identifier (when available on a device) mainly to detect anomalies for security purposes (i.e., in order to safeguard our Sites). We note that WiseBrand may collect, use and provide access to the User’s advertising identifier in accordance with the applicable policies.
  * In addition, Personal Information which is being gathered consists of any personal details you provide consciously and voluntarily:
    * Personal Information you supply for the creation of Brandings (such as name, email address, phone number, text, pictures, etc.), or published directly via the Platform and/or incorporate into your Branding, and any additional details that you may choose to add to your Branding.
    * Incorporated Content which is derived from Social Networks by your integration of the Platform and Service with your Social Network Account (as detailed below). For example: you may grant WiseBrand access to Facebook account in order for us to continually pull your Facebook ‘status’ to allow constant updates of your Branding with your current status.
When opening an Account, you may be required to provide the following details: full name, email address and a password. You may (but are not required to) provide us with additional details. 
    * You may, alternatively, open an Account and signup to the Service via your existing third party Social Networks accounts (e.g. Facebook) (“Social Network Account”). Social Network Accounts integration may also be used by the users for integration of Incorporated Content into their Branding and the provision of our Services (e.g. WiseStats). Please note that you may integrate your Account with several Social Network Accounts.
    * In the event that you register to the Service through your existing Social Network Account or integrate your existing Social Network Accounts with the Platform, then such Social Network Account provides us with access to certain information that is stored in the your Social Network Account, which is detailed and displayed to you in the notice which appears during the integration process with such Social Network Account. Please read carefully such notice in order to understand what information is made available to us via your Social Network Account. We may collect your login information and other relevant information necessary to enable us to access your Social Network Account in order to collect the abovementioned data contained within your Social Network Account which you provided us access to. We may store the above-mentioned information (or any part of it), in order to achieve the purposes set forth herein. Please remember that the manner in which Social Networks use, store or disclose your information is governed solely by their policies and we will have no liability or responsibility for the privacy practices or other actions of such Social Networks. If you do not agree to these practices please do not use the Social Network integration features. You hereby agree that such information will be stored even after the linkage to your Social Network Account expires, for any reason.
    * Some of our Services, namely WiseStamp and WiseStats, require that you link your Account with one or more of your email accounts (e.g. Gmail), and by creating such link, you give us your consent to access such e-mail account, which may contain data and information which is of a sensitive nature. Please note that we may automatically scan, analyze, identify and extract certain Personal Information from such e-mail accounts for the sole purpose of providing you with our Services. Such access rights to your email accounts granted to WiseBrand are displayed to you in the notice which appears during the integration process with such email account. Please read carefully such notice in order to understand what information is made available to us via your email account.
    * In addition, to the extent that you wish to subscribe to a Premium Account or Corporate Account or purchase services from our Third Party Service Operators via the Platform, you will have the option to use certain Online Payment Processors which will require you to fill out a billing form wherein you will be required to provide to such Online Payment Processors certain Personal Information (such as, a credit card number and other related billing information) (see section 6 below regarding the payment method). We will not store such information on our servers. We only keep token information such Online Payment Processors provide us with, and such information is strictly secured.
    * Personal Information may be collected from the details you may provide us while contacting us via the support email address or contact forms available on the Sites.



For avoidance of doubt, any Non-Personal Information connected or linked to any Personal Information shall be deemed as Personal Information as long as such connection or linkage exists.

**We do not collect any Personal Information from you or related to you without your approval, which is obtained, inter alia, through your active acceptance of the Terms.**

**We may also collect, use, transfer, sell and disclose Non-Personal Information for any purpose.**

## How Do We Collect Information on Our Users?

There are a few methods that we use:

  * **We collect information through your entry and use of the Sites and/or Platform and/or through your install, access, browse, view or otherwise use the Services.** In other words, when you are using the Sites and the Platform we are aware of it and may gather, collect and store the information relating to such usage. For example, we may collect you IP address when you are browsing the Sites. We may collect such information via our authorized third party service providers such as Google.
  * **We collect information which you decide to provide us voluntarily.** For example, when you wish to open an Account, subscribe to Premium Account, create a Signature via the Service or use Integrated Content, we may ask you to provide certain Personal Information which shall be kept on our servers. Another example may be, our collection of your customized Signatures, Personal Websites, including, but not limited to your uploaded images, Integrated Content and any other information you may choose to include in your Signature created via our Platform.
  * **We collect information through email accounts associated with the Platform, including e-mails that include the Signature generated by the Platform.** We may track overall, Non-personal Information, such as email usage and information (including without limitation statistical information) regarding emails exchanged using the email accounts associated with the Platform, including e-mails that include the Signature generated by the Platform and hyperlink engagement. We will do so using standard email tracking methods, such as measuring hyperlink clicks and/or embedding a tiny tracking pixels or by using our authorized third-party service providers such as Google. We may also automatically obtain certain Personal Information via the email accounts associated with the Platform, when you allow such linking, for the sole purpose of providing you with the Services.



**We may gather, collect and store such information either independently or through the help of our authorized third-party service providers as detailed below.**

## What are the Purposes of the Collection of Information?

Non-personal Information is collected in order to:

  * Use it for statistical and research purposes and for customization and improvement of our Sites, Services and Platform.
  * Better understand the priorities and interests of our potential customers and partners in order to better suit their needs and increase the efficiency of our sales and marketing processes.
  * Enhance and improve the User’s experience while using the Sites, Services and Platform.
  * To build anonymous market research products and services with trusted business partners.
  * Our authorized third party service providers may collect Non-personal information for the purpose of providing you targeted advertisements based on your interest.
  * Allow our Third Party Service Operators to offer you additional services and/or tools relevant to the Service, directly through the Platform.



Personal Information is collected in order to:

  * Provide and personalize our Services to our Users.
  * Verify the User’s identity when he/she signs in through his/her Account.
  * Provide Users with updated and tailored information regarding our products and Services.
  * Enable Users to use “Social” features of the Service, including Integrated Content.
  * Be able to contact Users for the purpose of providing them with technical assistance and support.
  * Allow our Third Party Service Operators to offer you additional services and/or tools relevant to the Service, directly through the Platform.
  * Determine general geolocation information (i.e., country) from which the User’s computer is connected to the Internet in order for us to know the general location of our Sites’ Users as well as in order to safeguard our Sites and Platform.
  * Enable payment through third party Online Payment Processors. Please note that we do not collect and store credit card or other financial information.



## Sharing Information with Third Parties

WiseBrand may share Personal Information with Third Party Service Operators for the sole purpose of serving you with such parties’ goods and services through the Platform.

**Other than stipulated herein, WiseBrand will not share any Personal Information it collects with any third party, other than in the following circumstances:** (a) to satisfy any applicable law, regulation, legal process, subpoena or governmental request; (b) to enforce this Privacy Policy and/or the TOU, including investigation of potential violations thereof; (c) to detect, prevent, or otherwise address fraud, security or technical issues; (d) to respond to claims that contact information (e.g. name, email address, etc.) of a third-party has been posted or transmitted without their consent or as a form of harassment; (e) to protect the rights, property, or personal safety of the Company, its Users or the general public; (f) by virtue of undergoing any change in control, including by means of merger, acquisition or purchase of all or substantially all of the assets of the Company, so long as such acquirer maintains the same privacy terms hereunder; (g) pursuant to your explicit approval prior to the disclosure; (h) to respond to claims that any content published on the Sites and/or Platform violates any right of a third-party; or (i) to enable payment through certain online payment method (see section 6 below).

Note, that we may collect, hold and/or manage Personal Information through WiseBrand’s authorized third parties vendors of certain products or services (such as cloud hosting and data processing services) (including, as applicable, their affiliates) solely and limited to providing us with such requested services, and not for any other purposes. Such vendors may be located in a country that does not have the same data protection laws as your jurisdiction.

For avoidance of doubt, WiseBrand may use and process **Non-personal** Information and transfer and disclose it to third parties at its sole discretion.

## Payment

We accept certain online payment methods, using our Online Payment Processors, which enable Users to send and receive payments securely online using a credit card or bank account. We may add or change the Online Payment Processors at our sole discretion. WiseBrand is not affiliated with such Online Payment Processors (for more information see our TOU), as each is an independent contractor, and neither is the agent or employee of the other, and neither is responsible in any way for the actions or performance (or lack thereof) of the other. The use of the Online Payment Processors is at the User’s discretion and sole liability and risk. It is the User’s responsibility to abide by all the terms specified by the Online Payment Processors in their terms of use and privacy policies, including but not limited to any age restrictions specified therein. You acknowledge that you are fully assuming the risks of conducting any transactions via the Online Payment Processors.

## Social Features

Our Platform includes social media features, such as Incorporated Content ( **“Social Features”** ). The Social Features are operated or allow for social integration with certain third party social networks or third party platforms ( **“Social Network”** ). These Social Networks and Platforms are created and maintained by third parties who are not affiliated with and/or controlled by WiseBrand. If you enable this integration with such Social Networks and Platforms, your use of the Social Features is subject to the applicable third party Social Network’s or Platform’s terms of use and privacy policies. You should ensure that you read their terms of use and privacy policies to understand how they treat your information and in order to understand the methods for changing the privacy or sharing settings on such services. If you do not agree to the practices described in such terms you should not allow the Site to interact with such Social Networks or Platforms, however you may find that you are not able to enjoy all the features that may be made available via the Site. You understand that where you allow interaction with any third party Social Network or Platform, we may share data about you with your contacts (and vice versa) in order that you may enjoy social elements. This data may include, without limitation, your name and your social media profile picture. By using the Social Features you hereby agree and understand that the applicable Social Networks or Platforms may collect certain Personal Information, such as your IP address, Non-personal Information and may set cookies and/or other web tracking technologies to enable the functionality of the Social Features. The use of such features enables the sharing of information with your friends or the public, depending on the settings you establish with the third party that provides the Social Features. You hereby understand and agree that when you share content from Social Networks or Platforms that your content may become public and others may re-post-it.

## Deletion or Modification of Personal Information

In any event, if for any reason you (or any person) wish to delete or modify Personal Information, you can do so within your Account. Otherwise, please send us an email with adequate detail of your request to: [support@wisestamp.com](mailto:support@wisestamp.com) and we will make reasonable efforts to modify or delete any such Personal Information pursuant to any applicable privacy laws. Note that unless otherwise explicitly specified herein and/or unless you instruct us otherwise we may retain your Personal Information for as long as reasonably required for the purposes of which such Personal Information was collected, all as permitted under any applicable privacy laws.

Aggregated and/or anonymous information derived from your use of the Sites or Services may remain on our servers indefinitely.

## Security

We take reasonable measures to maintain the security and integrity of our Sites and Platform and prevent unauthorized access to it or use thereof through generally accepted industry standard technologies and internal procedures. The Personal Information is hosted on the WiseBrand’s servers which provide advanced strict security standards (both physical and logical). In addition we employ highly secure services design and implementation using encryption and architectures mechanisms. Please note, however, that there are inherent risks in transmission of information over the Internet or other methods of electronic storage and we cannot guarantee that unauthorized access or use will never occur. **WISEBRAND SHALL NOT BE RESPONSIBLE OR LIABLE FOR UNAUTHORIZED ACCESS, HACKING, OR OTHER SECURITY INTRUSIONS OR FAILURE TO STORE OR THE THEFT, DELETION, CORRUPTION, DESTRUCTION, DAMAGE, OR LOSS OF ANY DATA OR INFORMATION.**

## Third Party Service Providers

While using the Sites and Platform we may be using third party service providers, including Third Party Service Operators, who may collect, store and/or process the information detailed herein. WiseBrand uses commercially reasonable efforts to engage with third parties that post a privacy policy governing their collection, processing and use of non-personal and personal information. Such software may include without limitation Google Analytics which privacy policy can be found at: https://www.google.com/intl/en/policies/privacy/. Please read such third party service providers’ terms of use and privacy policies to understand their privacy practices.

Notice regarding the use of Google Accounts with our Services: We use reports provided by Google Analytics to help us understand traffic and usage of our Sites and Services. Please note that if you have chosen to enable Google to associate your web and app browsing history with your Google account, and to use information from your Google account to personalize ads, Google will use the data from its signed-in users together with Google Analytics data for marketing purposes, including cross-device marketing and it may provide us with such data for such purposes. You can control your Google ads experience (or opt out of personalized ads altogether) by using the setting on your Google Dashboard (https://myaccount.google.com/dashboard).

## Links to Third Party Websites

Certain links provided herein permit our Users to leave this Sites and enter non-WiseBrand sites or services. WiseBrand is not responsible or liable for such linked sites and services’ privacy practices and/or any other practices. Your access to, use of and reliance upon any such sites, services and content and your dealings with such third parties are at your sole risk and expense. Those linked sites and services are provided solely as a convenience to you. Most of such linked sites and services provide legal documents, including terms of use and privacy policy, governing the use thereof. It is always advisable to read such documents carefully before using those sites and services, inter alia, in order to know what kind of information they are collecting.

## Cookies and Other Tracking Technologies.

When you access or use the Sites and/or Platform and/or Services, we or our third party service providers may use industry-wide technologies such as “cookies”, Ad-id, or other similar technologies which store certain information on your computer or device (“Cookies”), which will allow us to, gather information and enable automatic activation of certain features thus making your experience much more convenient and effortless. We or our authorized third party service providers may use both session cookies (which expire once you close the Sites) and persistent cookies (which stay on your system until you delete them). It is easy to disable or delete Cookies. Most browsers will allow you to erase cookies from your computer’s hard drive, block acceptance of cookies, or receive a warning before a cookie is stored. Note that Cookies usually store only a Non-personal Information, such as the web pages you have visited, the duration of your browsing, etc. WiseBrand does not control such third party service providers.

## International Data Transfer

In order to provide the Sites and Service, we may transfer information collected about you, including Personal Information, to affiliated entities, or to other third party service provides (as provided herein) across borders and from your country or jurisdiction to other countries or jurisdictions around the world. Please note that we may transfer such information to a country and jurisdiction that does not have the same data protection laws as your jurisdiction, and you consent to such transfer of information.

## Direct Marketing

You hereby agree that we may use your contact details you provided us with (including, without limitation, email address) for the purpose of providing you commercial and/or non-commercial materials related to our current and/or future products and services. You may withdraw your consent by sending a written notice to WiseBrand’s email address appears in the Sites or alternatively follow the instructions for removing yourself from the mailing list which are available in the message transmitted to you.

## Advertisements

Users may receive advertisements and commercials from third party advertisers and/or our authorized service providers and/or vendors. By clicking the advertisements or commercials you may be transferred to a website of an advertiser or receive any other messages, information or offers from the advertiser and/or from others. Note that if you click on any of these advertisements, these advertisers may use local storage including without limitation cookies and other web-tracking technologies (such as tracking pixel agent or visitor identification technology, etc.) to collect data regarding advertisement performance, your interaction with such ads and your interests (which may include, non-personal and/or personal information (such as, device and network information, unique identifiers and location) about you) in order to serve you advertisements and for the legitimate business interests of such third parties ad networks. We recommend that you review the terms of use and privacy policy of any advertiser with which you are interacting before doing so. Their privacy policy, not ours, will apply to any of those interactions.

## Changes to the Privacy Policy

The terms of this Privacy Policy will govern the use of the Sites and any information collected therein. WiseBrand reserves the right to change this policy at any time, so please re-visit this page frequently. We will provide notice of substantial changes of this policy on the homepage of the Sites and/or we will send you an email regarding such changes to the email address that you may have provided us with. Such substantial changes will take effect seven (7) days after such notice was provided on our Sites or sent by email, whichever is the earlier. Otherwise, all other changes to this Privacy Policy are effective as of the stated “Last Revised” date and your continued use of the Sites after the Last Revised date will constitute acceptance of, and agreement to be bound by, those changes. In the event that the Terms should be amended to comply with any legal requirements, the amendments may take effect immediately, or as required by law and without any prior notice. 

## Got any Questions?

If you have any questions (or comments) concerning this Privacy Policy, you are most welcome to send us an email to the following address:[support@wisestamp.com](mailto:support@wisestamp.com).
