> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the bsplayer-search.com privacy policy that was archived on 2017-06-25. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20170625123845id_/http%3A//ourtoolbar.com/Privacy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy

Value Apps. Value Apps is an aggregation, categorization, and optimization platform that offers Apps based on your browsing information. Value Apps is installed on your Browser or computer in connection with your installation of a Toolbar or third-party Extension. Value Apps may require use of your Personally Identifiable Information, including your IP address, the web pages you visit, and their content. Notwithstanding any other section of this Privacy Policy, when Value Apps is installed on your Browser, the following information may be collected from you by Trovi and transferred to Trovi servers, and/or shared with our [Partners](http://valueapps.vaccint.com/ct234324/settings), or collected directly by our [Partners](http://valueapps.vaccint.com/ct234324/settings): User's Browser and version, search engine used, content viewed (images, videos, etc.), Browsing Data, Search Data, operating system, Extension name and version, and Usage Data. Notwithstanding the Browsing Data section of this Privacy Policy, Browsing Data, with respect to Value Apps, may contain all browsing data including, without limitation, URLs. Your Browsing Data and Search Data are collected and analyzed through the Value Apps platform, and we share such information with our Partners so we or our Partners, as applicable (depending on the App provider), can suggest services or provide you with offers that may be relevant to you, according to the data collected and processed. Value Apps contains third-party Apps, the use of which is governed by their relevant terms and conditions, as referred to below. Any active third-party Apps on Value Apps may result in you sending information to such third parties [(Partners)](http://valueapps.vaccint.com/ct234324/settings) so they may provide you with the best offers and customize your browsing experience. Information collected by a third-party App provider [(Partner)](http://valueapps.vaccint.com/ct234324/settings) is governed by its relevant privacy policy. Please review the policies of the Partners for information about their data collection, storage, and handling practices, before using any third-party Apps, as detailed [here](http://valueapps.vaccint.com/ct234324/settings). 

Social Networks. You may also choose to activate additional features that provide you with the ability to update and use your favorite social networks directly from the Toolbar. During such activation, you will be asked to grant Trovi permission to compile certain information from such social network systems. This information may include friends or contact lists, notes, updates, and photos, and may be used by Trovi to customize the Content of your Toolbar, suggest new features and Content that may be relevant to you, or provide Trovi with data for statistical purposes. The information you allow Trovi to access is that which is presented to you when you choose to activate these features. If you elect to permit Trovi to access this information, Trovi may be able to see and use this information and such action may change your preexisting privacy settings, however Trovi does not have control over privacy settings in your social network account. Please see your social network provider policies for any questions or concerns. It is important to note that Trovi does not sell or rent Personally Identifiable Information it compiles from such social networks to any third parties. Trovi may provide non-identifiable, general statistical, and demographic information to its Publishers from time to time. You may opt not to grant Trovi access to your social network account(s) at any time by changing your social network settings or by not authorizing Trovi access. Third-Party Websites and Offers. Each Toolbar includes a new search box for your use and enjoyment. In addition, while installing the Toolbar, you may voluntarily opt to change your home page, other search-related preferences, add components, receive notifications and offers, or enable other features provided to you by the Publisher or other third parties (such as the Value Apps which may be provided to you by Trovi and its [Partners](http://valueapps.vaccint.com/ct234324/settings)). You can agree or disagree to receive these options. If you disagree, those options will not be activated. Please note that while visiting a website, third parties, including Trovi, can detect whether or not the Trovi Software is installed in your Browser. Cookies. The Trovi Software uses Cookies to identify and save various pieces of information about your use of the Trovi Software and certain features of the Trovi Software. Cookies are packets of information sent to your computer when you visit a website to allow this website to recognize you on your next visit thereon. Cookies may store your preferences and other information, such as the web pages you have accessed, features you have used, and your session durations. For instance, when you access the Trovi Software download and installation screen(s), we use Cookies to automatically record information that your Browser sends to install the Trovi Software according to your preferences. These Cookies can be removed or blocked altogether from the Options drop-down menu on your Internet Browser. You may always customize the Trovi Software according to your preferences by using the Options dialog box of the Trovi Software. Minors. Minors. To use the Trovi Software, you must be at least thirteen (13) years of age. We do not knowingly collect any Personally Identifiable Information from minors under the age of thirteen (13). We reserve the right to request proof of age at any stage, so that we can verify that minors under the age of thirteen (13) are not using the Trovi Software. In the event that it comes to our knowledge that a person under the age of thirteen (13) is using the Trovi Software, we will prohibit and block such a User from accessing the Trovi Software and will make all efforts to promptly delete any Personally Identifiable Information with regard to such a User, as applicable. For more information about how Trovi complies with children's privacy protection laws and further guidance, please see our Children's Privacy Protection Policy here.To use the Trovi Software, you must be at least thirteen (13) years of age. We do not knowingly collect any Personally Identifiable Information from minors under the age of thirteen (13). We reserve the right to request proof of age at any stage, so that we can verify that minors under the age of thirteen (13) are not using the Trovi Software. In the event that it comes to our knowledge that a person under the age of thirteen (13) is using the Trovi Software, we will prohibit and block such a User from accessing the Trovi Software and will make all efforts to promptly delete any Personally Identifiable Information with regard to such a User, as applicable. For more information about how Trovi complies with children's privacy protection laws and further guidance, please see our Children's Privacy Protection Policy [here](http://info.trovi.com/Childrenprivacy).

© 2014 ClientConnect Ltd. 
