> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the bsprewards.com privacy policy that was archived on 2018-10-20. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20181020090452id_/http%3A//www.bsprewards.com/Privacy.aspx) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# BSP REWARDS

##### Privacy Practices

BSP Rewards and its affiliates are committed to protecting your privacy. This is a secure business-to-business site which is protected using advanced encryption and other security technology. The secure server software (SSL) encrypts all information before it is submitted to us. The information you provide will be kept confidential and only used to fulfill your relationship with us.

##### What information we collect, transmission and storage

During the registration process we request a minimal amount of information from you in order to enable you to do business with us. General information such as the name, address, emails address etc. of your company will be captured during the site registration process. The information will be transmitted to our servers around the world including server locations in the United States.

##### How we use the information, disclosure

We use the information we collect for security verification purposes and to communicate with you. Any information collected is used in the execution of processes requested by you. We will never disclose any information to a third party without your consent unless it is required or customary in the regular course of business. We do never rent, sell, or otherwise distribute the information entered on this site to any unrelated third parties. We may use your information to generate internal aggregate statistics but these statistics will not include any personally identifying information. We may also disclose this information to third parties where required to do so by law or to fulfill our contractual obligation with you.

##### Links to third party websites

Our website includes links to third party websites whose privacy practices may differ from ours. If you submit personal information to any linked websites, your information is governed by the privacy statements provided by the linked website. We do not assume any responsibility or liability for these third party policies or privacy practices.

##### Access to your information

BSP Rewards keeps your personal information accessible through your online or in-app account. Your information can be accessed behind the "Login” link. It is important that you keep your personal information always accurate and up to date.

##### Cookies

We use "cookies", which are text files placed on your computer. The information contained in cookies allows us to make the use of the site more comfortable for you and helps us to analyze how you use the site. When you next visit the site we may access that information. The cookies produced have a maximum expiration period of six months. Furthermore, you may use your browser program to manage or deactivate cookies produced on this page.

##### Use of data by Google

This website uses Google Analytics, a web analytics service provided by Google, Inc. ("Google"). Google Analytics also uses cookies to analyze how you use the site. The information generated by the cookie about your use of the website (including your IP address) will be transmitted to and stored by Google on servers in the United States. Google will use this information for the purpose of evaluating your use of the website, compiling reports on website activity for website operators and providing other services relating to website activity and internet usage. Google may also transfer this information to third parties where required to do so by law, or where such third parties process the information on Google's behalf. Google will not associate your IP address with any other data held by Google. You may refuse the use of cookies by selecting the appropriate settings on your browser, however please note that if you do this you may not be able to use the full functionality of this website. By using this website, you consent to the processing of data about you by Google in the manner and for the purposes set out above.

##### Your consent

If you register an account with us, you consent to the collection and use of information by BSP Rewards and its affiliates. If we decide to change our privacy policy, changes will be posted on this page so that you are always aware of what information we collect, how we use it and under what circumstances we disclose that information. Please read this Privacy Policy each time you use the site or any of our services.
