> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the foodieblogroll.com privacy policy that was archived on 2012-09-20. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20120920172753id_/http%3A//www.foodieblogroll.com/privacy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Foodie Blogroll : Privacy Policy

[Home](https://web.archive.org/web/20120920172753id_/http%3A//www.foodieblogroll.com/privacy?mode=home) > Privacy Policy 

Your privacy on the Internet is very important to us. Because we gather certain types of information about our users, we feel you should fully understand our policy and the terms and conditions surrounding the collection and use of that information. This online Privacy Policy (the "Privacy Policy") tells you about the information Foodie Blogroll.com collects through its website (the "Site") and its Network and how we use that information. By using our services and accessing the Foodie Blogroll.com, you are consenting to the information collection and use practices described in the Privacy Policy, as modified from time to time by us. 

**Information Foodie Blogroll.com Gathers And Tracks**  
Except as disclosed in this Privacy Policy, we do not sell or disclose information that identifies our users of the Foodie Blogroll.com personally or makes it possible for other parties to contact them directly ("Personal Information"). We also collect non-personal information ("Anonymous Information"), such as pages visited, on the Foodie Blogroll.com. We may also collect or develop aggregated information, which may include Anonymous Information and Personal Information, provided that such information does not personally identify you or any of our other users ("Aggregated Information"). 

**Information We Collect and Usage tracking  
**When you visit Foodie Blogroll.com, you provide us with two types of information: personal information, such as your name, email address and any other personal or preference information; and Web Site uses information collected by us as you interact with our Web Site. Foodie Blogroll.com will not sell, rent, or share personal information with third parties without your prior consent except in the limited circumstances described in this Privacy Policy.

## Aggregated Information

We may collect, compile, store, publish, promote, report, sell, or otherwise disclose or use any and all Aggregated Information. When we share such information with other companies, it is not traceable to any particular user, and will not be used to contact you. Foodie Blogroll.com tracks user traffic patterns throughout all of our sites. However, we do not correlate this information with data about individual users. Foodie Blogroll.com does break down overall usage statistics according to a user's domain name, browser type, and MIME type by reading this information from the browser string (information contained in every user's browser). Foodie Blogroll.com sometimes tracks and catalogs the search terms that users enter in our Search function. We use tracking information to determine which areas of our sites users like and don't like based on traffic to those areas. We do not track what individual users read, but rather how well each page performs overall. This helps us continue to build a better service for you. 

**Voluntarily Provided Information**  
When you register to list your blog on the Foodie Blogroll.com or apply to join the Foodie Blogroll.com, we will collect and store information about you, some of which is Personal Information. For example, registration requires you to provide a valid email address, username and password. This email address and the information provided by you in the "Profile Information" area of the registration form will only be used and disclosed in accordance with this Privacy Policy. The rest of the information you provide in your user profile will be visible to others, including anonymous visitors to the Site. If you provide us feedback or contact us via email, we will collect your name and email address, as well as any other content included in the email, in order to send you a reply. When you participate in one of our surveys, we may collect additional profile information. When you post messages on the message boards of our Site, the information contained in your posting will be stored on our servers and other users will be able to see it. We may also collect Personal Information, such as demographic information, from you at other points on our Site that state that Personal Information is being collected. Foodie Blogroll.com may occasionally conduct user surveys to better target our content to our audience. We sometimes share the aggregated demographic information in these surveys with our sponsors, advertisers and partners. 

**Children**  
In accordance with the Federal Children's Online Privacy Protection Act of 1998 (COPPA), we do not knowingly request or solicit personally identifiable information from anyone under the age of 13 without requesting parental consent. We do not intentionally gather Personal Information about users who are under the age of 13. No one under age 13 may provide any personal information to or on Foodie Blogroll.com . Please note, if you are under 13, please do not attempt to register for an account on Foodie Blogroll.com or send any information about yourself to us, including your name, telephone number, address or email address. In the event that we learn that we have collected personal information from a child under age 13 without verification of parental consent, we will delete that information as quickly as possible. If you believe that we might have any information from or about a child under 13, please contact us at support@Foodie Blogroll.com. 

**Cookies**  
We may place a text file called a "cookie" in the browser files of your computer. The cookie itself does not contain Personal Information although it will enable us to relate your use of this site to information that you have specifically and knowingly provided. But the only personal information a cookie can contain is information you supply yourself. A cookie can't read data off your hard disk or read cookie files created by other sites. Foodie Blogroll.com uses cookies to track user traffic patterns (as described above). Our advertising system delivers a one-time cookie to better track ad impressions and click rates. You can refuse cookies by turning them off in your browser. If you've set your browser to warn you before accepting cookies, you will receive the warning message with each cookie. You do not need to have cookies turned on to use this site. However, you do need cookies to participate actively in message boards, forums, polling and surveys. in the course of serving advertisements to this site, our third-party advertiser may place or recognize a unique "cookie" on your browser. We collect Anonymous Information about you and your use of the Foodie Blogroll.com whenever you visit us online. This includes use of cookies to store your user session IDs. Foodie Blogroll.com uses session ID cookies to make it easier for you to navigate our Site. A session ID cookie expires when you close you browser. A persistent cookie remains on your hard drive for an extended period of time. You can remove persistent cookies by following directions provided in your Internet browser's "help" file. Foodie Blogroll.com does not use cookies to track your web browsing on other websites. 

**Visitor Statistics and Click Tracking**  
As most websites, Foodie Blogroll.com collects visitors information automatically and stores it in log files. This information includes internet protocol (IP) addresses, browser type, internet service provider (ISP), referring/exit pages, operating system, date/time stamp, and other data. We use this information to analyze trends, administer the Site, track users activity on the Site and gather demographic information about our user base.This information helps us to continue improving our site and services for you. We also track search terms entered in the Search box as a way to measures what interests our users.

**IP Addresses**  
Each user's IP address is logged with each visit and each action performed on the Site. This information is never provided to the third parties, except as otherwise stated in this Privacy Policy, and is logged only for a temporary period of time. IP address information is linked to Personal Information and may be used in an effort to block a "banned" user from accessing the Site. 

**Advertising**  
If there is advertising on the Site, such advertising may employ the use of cookies or other methods to track hits and click-throughs. We are not responsible for advertiser cookies or how the information gathered through their use might be used.

**Participation on a Public Website**  
You should be aware that any Personal Information you submit on the Site in blogs, comments, other posts and your user profile can be read, collected, or used by other users of this Site, including anonymous visitors, and could be used to send you unsolicited messages. We are not responsible for the Personal Information you choose to submit on this Site.

## Use of Your Information

By registering with Foodie Blogroll.com, you provide us with certain information for your profile. Your username as well other information on your profile such as blog url, blog title and other details will be available in search results. This information may be made available to third party search engines, and Foodie Blogroll.com may post this content on the network blogs listing and the Foodie Blogroll.com including the Foodie Blogroll.com widget displayed on member's sites. In addition, Foodie Blogroll.com may send you service-related announcements from time to time through the general operation of the Site. For instance, if a visitor leaves a comment on your blog listing or gives you a rating, you may receive a message alerting you to that fact. Foodie Blogroll.com may use information in your profile without identifying you as an individual to third parties. We do this for purposes such as aggregating how many people in a network like a type of cuisine, for example, providing services or advertisements and promotions, or any other lawful purpose. Any information which is not personally identifiable information but is publicly displayed on the Web Site (such as username and blog details) may appear in search engine results, even after you terminate your membership, depending on the search engine's indexing methods. As a Foodie Blogroll.com Member, you will receive our emails (such as email address confirmation, administrative messages, etc.) at your email address, or through the messages you receive on your profile. In addition, you may be enrolled automatically in one of our email programs for newsletters or for product sales. In such case, you will have the opportunity to select whether or not to continue to receive the emails. 

**Use of Personal Information  
**In general, Personal Information you submit to us is used either to respond to requests that you make, or to aid us in serving you better. Foodie Blogroll.com could use your Personal Information in the following ways: to facilitate the creation of and secure your account on our network; to identify you as a user in our system; to provide improved administration of our Site and services; to improve the quality of experience when you interact with our Site; to send you a welcome e-mail to verify ownership of the e-mail address provided when your account was created; to send you administrative e-mail notifications, such as security or support and maintenance advisories; to respond to your inquiries related to employment opportunities or other requests; to send promotional communications; to provide you with hardcopy or electronic newsletters, or surveys; to send and facilitate upgrades and special offers related to our services and for other marketing purposes, should you request to receive such communications from us; to make telephone calls to you, from time to time, as a part of secondary fraud protection or to solicit your feedback. When you receive newsletters or promotional communications from us, you may indicate a preference to stop receiving further communications from us and you will have the opportunity to "opt-out" by following the unsubscribe instructions provided in the e-mail you receive or by contacting us directly. Should you decide to opt-out of receiving future mailings, we may share your e-mail address with third parties to ensure that you do not receive further communications from third parties. Despite your indicated e-mail preferences, we may send you notices of any updates to our Privacy Policy. Foodie Blogroll.com uses any information voluntarily given by our users to enhance their experience in our network of sites, whether to provide interactive or personalized elements on the sites or to better prepare future content based on the interests of our users. As stated above, we use information that users voluntarily provide in order to send out electronic newsletters and to enable users to participate in polls, surveys, message boards, and forums. We send out newsletters to subscribers on a regular schedule (depending on the newsletter), and occasionally send out special editions when we think subscribers might be particularly interested in something we are doing. 

**Use of Anonymous and Aggregated Information**  
We may create Anonymous Information and Aggregated Information from Personal Information by excluding information (such as your name) that make the data personally identifiable to you. We use this Anonymous Information and Aggregated Information so that we may enhance the quality of our Site and services and improve Site navigation. Foodie Blogroll.com reserves the right to use and disclose Anonymous Information and Aggregated Information to third parties at its discretion.

**Use of Feedback**  
If you provide feedback on our Site or any of our services to us, we may use such feedback for any purpose, provided we will not associate such feedback with your Personal Information. Foodie Blogroll.com will collect any information contained in such communication and will treat the Personal Information in such communication in accordance with this Privacy Policy.

**Contests, Promotions, Offers, and Surveys**  
From time to time we collect personal information from Members from contests, promotions, offers and surveys conducted through our Site. Participation in these contests, promotions, offers, and surveys is completely voluntary and you therefore may choose whether to disclose personal information in connection with these activities. Personal Information requested in these activities might include contact information (e.g., your name and shipping address) and demographic information (e.g., your zip code or age level). We use this information to notify you if you've won and to award prizes. We may also post an announcement about your having entered the contest on our home page, and in doing so, may use your Member name and the content you submitted on our home page, for example, for the announcement. We use information we collect in surveys for internal purposes, such as measuring efficiency in the use of our Site and improve its usefulness. We might disclose information you provide to us during registration to third parties in conjunction with (i) your entry into a contest or promotion, (ii) your request of an offer, or (iii) your participation in a survey or similar activity on the Web site. You might be asked for additional information in order to enter the contest or promotion, request an offer, or participate in a survey. The third parties will use the information we provide to them, along with any information you provide during your entry, request, or participation, to (i) notify you if you have won a prize in a contest or sweepstakes, or (ii) to fulfill, or facilitate fulfillment of, requests for products or services you may make in connection with your entry, request, or participation. In addition, we may offer items for sale or provide services jointly with other companies on Foodie Blogroll.com, and we may share customer information with that company in connection with your purchase of goods or services. 

**Cookies, Log Files and Crawlers**  
Advertisements that appear on Foodie Blogroll.com are sometimes delivered (or "served") directly to Members by third party advertisers. They automatically receive your IP address when this happens. These third party advertisers may also download cookies to your computer, or use other technologies to measure the performance of their ads and to personalize advertising content. Doing this allows the advertising network to recognize your computer each time they send you an advertisement in order to measure the effectiveness of their ads and to personalize advertising content. In this way, they may compile information about where individuals using your computer or browser saw their advertisements and determine which advertisements are clicked. Also, Foodie Blogroll.com does not have access to or control of the cookies that may be placed by the third party advertisers. In addition, we track log files on our Web Site (i.e., we log your computer's IP address into our log files when you visit a page on our Web Site) and use them to analyze trends, administer the Web site, track your movements on the Web site, and gather broad demographic information for aggregate use. We might link some or all of this information to personally identifiable information that is stored on a cookie in your computer. We only use information gathered from these activities for our internal marketing and operational purposes. In addition, Foodie Blogroll.com provides access to publicly viewed site information by third-party search engine "crawlers" (such as Google). Foodie Blogroll.com blocks access by these engines to personal information beyond the publicly viewed information you agreed to upon registering for the site, and as indicated in this privacy policy and terms and conditions. Third party advertisers have no access to your contact information stored on Foodie Blogroll.com unless you choose to share it with them. This privacy policy does not cover the use of cookies or other technologies by any of its advertisers. 

**Customer Service**  
We collect personal information when you submit comments, questions or suggestions. We use the information you provide to respond to your submission and use the ideas to make Site improvements.

## Disclosure of your Information

Foodie Blogroll.com uses the above-described information to tailor our content to suit your needs and help our advertisers better understand our audience's demographics. This is essential to keeping our service free. We use and disclose information about you for our own internal statistical, design, or operational purposes, such as to estimate our audience size, measure aggregate traffic patterns, and understand demographic, user interest and other trends among our users. We might outsource these tasks and disclose personal information about you to third parties, provided the use and disclosure of your personal information by these third parties is restricted to performance of such tasks. We might also share personal information with third-party vendors to help us bring you the services we offer. Specifically, we may use third parties to facilitate our business, such as to host the service at a co-location facility for servers, to send out email updates about Foodie Blogroll.com, to remove repetitive information from our Member lists, to provide search results or links (including sponsored links). In connection with these offerings and business operations, our service providers may have access to your personal information for use for a limited time in connection with these business activities. 

**Aggregate information**  
We may share statistical data or data we collect about services or customers, from which individual customer identities have been removed. Aggregated data helps us understand trends and site usage so we can better tailor our services to visitors interests. We may share aggregated data with third parties for various reasons, including to better understand and improve our services, and for advertising and marketing purposes

**Co-branded Service Offerings**  
At some point, we may share Anonymous or Aggregated Information with certain businesses with which Foodie Blogroll.com has formed a strategic alliance. You may be able to identify these businesses because Foodie Blogroll.com has authorized them to display clearly identified and branded images on the Foodie Blogroll.com and in its communications. These strategic partners are requested to clearly state their own privacy policies on their own websites or promotional materials, and if you provide them with your Personal Information, it may become subject to the policies of the respective company. Foodie Blogroll.com may receive information from these strategic partners and may add such information to information already collected from you.

**Third Party Services  
**Foodie Blogroll.com reserves the right to offer third party services and products to you on the Site, such as contest sponsorships and via newsletters or special offers, based on the preferences that you identify during the registration process and based on your subsequent preferences. We may share Aggregated Information about our user base with other entities, such as advertisers. This information does not identify individual users, except where you have given us prior, specific permission to do so. We do not link Aggregated Information with Personal Information. We may share Personal Information with third-party vendors and partners only in those situations where you have given us prior, specific permission to do so. 

**Third Party Contractors**  
We may share your Personal Information with third party contractors or service providers to provide you with the services that we offer you though our Site; to conduct quality assurance testing; to facilitate creation of accounts; to provide technical support; or to provide specific services in accordance with your instructions. These third parties are required not to use your Personal Information other than to provide the services requested by Foodie Blogroll.com . You expressly consent to the sharing of your Personal Information with our contractors and third party service providers for facilitating our providing services to you.

**Affiliates**  
Although Foodie Blogroll.com does not currently have a any subsidiaries, joint ventures, parent company, or other companies under a common control (collectively, "Affiliates"), we may in the future. We may share some or all of your Personal Information with these Affiliates, in which case we will require our Affiliates to honor this Privacy Policy. If another company acquires our company or our assets, that company will possess the Personal Information collected by it and Foodie Blogroll.com and will assume the rights and obligations regarding your Personal Information as described in this Privacy Policy. 

**Legal Requirements**  
We reserve the right to disclose your Personal Information as required by law and when we believe that disclosure is necessary to protect or defend our rights, property, or users and/or to comply with a judicial proceeding, court order, or legal process served on Foodie Blogroll.com. We will not share information about individual users with any third party, except to comply with applicable law or valid legal process or to protect the personal safety of our users or the public. We disclose personal information when we believe it is appropriate to comply with the law (e.g., a lawful subpoena, warrant or court order); to enforce or apply this Privacy Policy or our other policies or agreements; to initiate, render, bill, and collect for amounts owed to us; to protect our or our Members' rights, property or safety; or to protect our Members from fraudulent, abusive, or unlawful use of our Web Site; or if we reasonably believe that an emergency involving immediate danger of death or serious physical injury to any person requires disclosure of communications or justifies disclosure of personal information without delay. Links to Other Sites. Foodie Blogroll.com contains links to other sites that are not owned or controlled by Foodie Blogroll.com . Please be aware that we are not responsible for the privacy practices of such other sites. We encourage you to be aware when you leave our Site and to read the Privacy Policys of each and every website that collects Personal Information. This Privacy Policy applies only to information collected by this Site. Foodie Blogroll.com may contain links to other websites. We are not responsible for the privacy practices of other web sites. We encourage our Members to be aware when they leave our site to read the Privacy Policys of each web site that collects personally identifiable information. This Privacy Policy applies solely to information collected by Foodie Blogroll.com . 

**United States Law**  
Much of Foodie Blogroll.com membership, our servers and databases are primarily located in the United States. As a result, the Personal Information you provide us will be processed in and is subject to the laws and regulations of the United States, which may be less stringent than the laws regarding Personal Information in your country. If you are a visitor from outside the United States and you provide us with your contact or other Personal Information, you will be asked to consent to the collection and/or processing in the United States of your Personal Information, which includes the use of cookies as described above.

**Security**  
Foodie Blogroll.com is committed to protecting the security of your Personal Information. We use a variety of industry-standard security technologies and procedures to help protect your Personal Information from unauthorized access, use, disclosure, alteration, or destruction. Despite these measures, you should know that Foodie Blogroll.com cannot fully eliminate security risks associated with Personal Information and mistakes may happen.

**Dispute Resolution**  
If you believe that Foodie Blogroll.com has not adhered to the Privacy Policy, please contact Foodie Blogroll.com by e-mail at support@Foodie Blogroll.com. We will do our best to address your concerns. If you feel that your complaint has been addressed incompletely, we invite you to let us know for further investigation. If you and Foodie Blogroll.com are unable to reach a resolution to the dispute, you and Foodie Blogroll.com will settle the dispute exclusively under the rules of the American Arbitration Association (www.adr.org).

**Changes to Your Personal Information**  
You may change any of your Personal Information by editing your profile . You may request deletion of your Personal Information by Foodie Blogroll.com, but please note that we may be required (by law or otherwise) to keep this information and not delete it (or to keep this information for a certain time, in which case we will comply with your deletion request only after we have fulfilled such requirements). When we delete the account information, it will be deleted from the active database, but may remain in our archives. Access and control over most personal information on Foodie Blogroll.com is readily available through the profile editing tools. Foodie Blogroll.com Members may modify or delete any of their profile information at any time by logging into their account. Information will be updated immediately. To get placed on our "DO NOT E-MAIL" list, send a request to support@Foodie Blogroll.com. If your e-mail address is added to the "DO NOT E-MAIL" list, you will not receive any newsletters or other opt-in e-mail messages. Please note, however, that your e-mail address being placed on the "DO NOT E-MAIL" list does not prevent you from receiving account related and non-commericial email messages from us. 

**Business Transfers**  
Information about our Members, including personal information, might be disclosed as part of any merger, acquisition, debt financing, sale of company assets, as well as in the event of an insolvency, bankruptcy or receivership in which personally identifiable information could be transferred to third parties as one of the business assets of the company.

**Security**  
We use reasonable security measures to store and maintain personally identifying information so as to protect it from loss, misuse, alteration or destruction by unauthorized parties while it is under our control. 

**Your Consent**  
By using this site, you consent to the collection and use of this information by Foodie Blogroll.com . If we decide to change our privacy policy, we will post those changes on this page so that you are always aware of what information we collect, how we use it, and under what circumstances we disclose it.

**Privacy Policy Updates**  
We reserve the right to change our Privacy Policy and our Terms of Use at any time. If we make changes to this Privacy Policy, we will indicate at the top of this page the date of the change.We encourage you to check the date of our Privacy Policy whenever you visit the Foodie Blogroll.com for any updates or changes. Any material changes to this Privacy Policy will be effective immediately. Changes to this Privacy Policy may affect our use or disclosure of Personal Information. Continued use of our services and access to the Foodie Blogroll.com, following changes to this Privacy Policy shall indicate your acknowledgement of such changes and agreement to be bound by the terms and conditions of such changes. Your use of Foodie Blogroll.com, and any disputes arising from it, is subject to this Privacy Policy as well as our Terms of Use and all of its dispute resolution provisions including arbitration, limitation on damages and choice of law. All changes will take effect as of the date of postin on the Site.

| 

| Average Daily Visits: |   **2,121,065** (past 7 days)  
---|---  
   
This Month: |   **46,892,418**  
This Year: |   **373,428,290**  
  
## Total Blogs: [14680](http://www.foodieblogroll.com/blogs)

[](http://www.foodieblogroll.com/contests/green-leafs-bananas-opportunity "Green Leaf's & Bananas Opportunity")  
  
---  
  
### Green Leaf's & Bananas Opportunity  
  
[](http://www.foodieblogroll.com/contests/spread-the-word-to-win-a-25-gift-card-from-green-leaf-s-bananas "Spread the word to win a $25 gift card from Green Leaf's & Bananas")  
  
### Spread the word to win a $25 gift card from Green Leaf's & Bananas  
  
[](http://www.foodieblogroll.com/contests/spread-the-word-to-win-a-copy-of-the-healing-powers-of-coffee-book "Spread the word to win a copy of 'The Healing Powers of Coffee' Book")  
  
### Spread the word to win a copy of 'The Healing Powers of Coffee' Book
