> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the foodpanda.sg privacy policy that was archived on 2015-03-24. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20150324023903id_/https%3A//www.foodpanda.sg/contents/privacy.htm) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy policy | foodpanda

Foodpanda Singapore is sensitive to the privacy concerns of visitors to its websites. The purpose of this General Online Privacy Policy is to describe what types of personal information we collect from users and visitors to Foodpanda Singapore’s website, www.burgerking.com.sg, any other website (including mobile sites), and mobile applications which may be operated by Foodpanda Singapore or by a Service Provider on behalf of Foodpanda Singapore, including without limitation [www.burgerking.com.sg](http://www.burgerking.com.sg/) (collectively, the “BKS Websites”), the purposes for which we use the information, what rights you have regarding your personal information, and to whom and under what circumstances we disclose your personal information. This General Online Privacy Policy applies to our information collection, use, and disclosure practices for website visitors ages 14 and over. Our Children’s Online Privacy Policy describes our information collection, use, and disclosure practices for visitors to any Foodpanda Website directed to children under the age of 14.

**WEB SITE OPERATORS**

Foodpanda Websites are operated by Foodpanda Singapore. Certain companies including, but not limited to, advertising, promotional, internet, public relations and home delivery service providers (collectively, "Service Providers") assist Foodpanda with respect to its websites. In this Online Privacy Policy, Foodpanda Singapore and Service Providers are referred to collectively as "we" or "our". Service Providers will develop and/or host Foodpanda Websites, provide other services such as customer service support for Foodpanda Websites or analysis of the performance of Foodpanda Websites.

**COLLECTION OF INFORMATION**

**Collection and Use of Non-Personal Information**

Certain  information about Foodpanda Website visits is recorded by the standard operation of the Internet servers on which Foodpanda Websites are hosted. The information that we collect may include IP addresses, the type of mobile device or operating system in use (e.g., Macintosh or Windows), the type of browser being used by the visitor (e.g., Internet Explorer), the number and frequency of visitors to Foodpanda Websites, and the site the visitor was on immediately before visiting the Foodpanda Website. When you view Foodpanda Websites or use Foodpanda website features, we may collect certain non-personal information from you by using small text files known as cookies. We use cookies for several purposes, such as to recognize visitors to our websites, to determine the number of unique visitors to Foodpanda websites, to ascertain which BKS website pages they visit, and to conduct internal reviews of our sites. We may associate information we collect via cookies with the personal information we collect online. We may use the combined information, for example, to personalize your experience on the Foodpanda website or to personalize marketing communications we may send to you. We explain the personal information we collect online in the “Collection of Personal Information” section of this Privacy Policy. You are always free to decline cookies, but in doing so you may not be able to use certain features on our website. The "help" segment of the toolbar on most browsers will tell you how to configure your browser to not accept new cookies, how to have the browser inform you when you receive a new cookie, and how to erase cookies from your hard drive.

We may also use web beacons to count page visits by our users, to access our cookies, and otherwise to improve your experience on Foodpanda Websites. If you have registered to receive emails from us, we may also use web beacons in our emails to let us know which emails you have opened and acted upon, allowing us to gauge the effectiveness of our communications and marketing campaigns. If you would like to opt-out of these emails, please follow the instructions in the email.

Web beacons also help us manage online advertising, and are provided by our ad management Service Providers. These files enable our ad management Service Providers to recognize a unique cookie on your browser, which in turn enables us to learn which advertisements bring visitors to our Foodpanda website. The cookie was placed by us, or by another advertiser who works with a Service Provider. With both cookies and web beacons, the information that we collect and share is anonymous and not personally identifiable. It does not contain your name, address, telephone number, or email address. Our advertising Service Providers also use anonymous information about users' visits to this and other websites in order to deliver advertisements online that may be of interest to them. If you would like more information about this practice and to know your choices about not having your information used in this way, click here.

The Foodpanda Websites may collect precise information about the location of your mobile device. In order to allow the Foodpanda Websites to collect real-time information, you must enable the Foodpanda Websites to use GPS services on your mobile device. We use your location information to provide requested location services. You may at any time opt-out from further allowing us to have access to your location data by disallowing the Foodpanda Websites to use the GPS services on your mobile device.

**Collection of Personal Information**

We only collect personal information (which may include first and last name, gender, birth date, home or other physical address, e-mail address, home or mobile phone number, number of children in the household, frequency of visits to Foodpanda® restaurants, credit card information, , and password) when you voluntarily submit it to us or voluntarily register as a user of a Foodpanda Website or our home delivery service. For example, you may choose to provide us with your personal information in order to participate in a sweepstakes or contest, participate in a loyalty or rewards program, purchase gift certificates, gift cards, or other merchandise, provide content submissions, make suggestions for the operation of our site, or participate in an online interactive activity or marketing research. You may not be able to use some of the features offered by a Foodpanda Website unless you voluntarily register with us.

**Use of Personal Information**

Foodpanda Singapore or Service Providers acting on its behalf may use information collected from Foodpanda website visitors for any of the following purposes: (1) to send marketing and other communications to our visitors about Foodpanda® products or about the products and services of promotional partners that are not owned or affiliated with BKS; (2) to allow visitors to communicate with others, such as their friends, (3) to allow us to notify visitors of upcoming events, promotions, or activities on the Foodpandawebsite; (4) to conduct internal reviews of the Foodpanda website (e.g., to determine the number of visitors to the site); (5) to help us better understand visitors' use of the Foodpanda website; (6) to fulfill prizes, awards and purchases; (7) to respond to specific requests from our visitors; (8) to provide any necessary notices to our visitors; (9) to conduct marketing research; (10) to protect the security or integrity of the Foodpanda website.. To opt out of emails or SMS communications, please follow the instructions in the email or SMS message. You can stop any further collection of information by the mobile application by uninstalling the mobile application from your mobile device. You may use the standard uninstall processes as may be available as part of your mobile device or via the mobile application marketplace or network.

**DISCLOSURE OF INFORMATION**

Burger King Singapore will transfer or otherwise disclose the information it collects from Foodpanda website visitors to employees and independent contractors of Burger King Corporation, its subsidiaries, affiliates, and Service Providers if the disclosure will enable that party to perform a business, professional, or technical support function for Foodpanda, or if required to do so by law. We will also transfer or otherwise disclose personal information in response to judicial process, to comply with legal requirements, and, as permitted under provisions of law, to provide information to law enforcement agencies or in connection with an investigation on a matter related to public safety. We may also use your information as permitted by law to protect our rights or property, a Foodpanda Website, or its users.

**SECURITY OF INFORMATION**

We maintain physical, electronic, and procedural safeguards to guard your personal information.

**UNFORESEEN CIRCUMSTANCES**

In the event that Foodpanda Singapore or any of its assets are acquired by a third party, personal information acquired by us may be one of the assets transferred.

**THIRD PARTY WEBSITES**

Foodpanda Singapore is not responsible for the policies, content, and practices of third party websites to which a Foodpanda Website may link. Please refer to those sites’ own privacy policies to learn how they collect and use personal information.

**CHANGES TO THIS PRIVACY STATEMENT**

By visiting a Foodpanda Website, you are agreeing to the practices described in this General Online Privacy Policy. On occasion, it may be necessary for Burger King Singapore to change the terms of the General Online Privacy Policy. We will do so by posting updated text on this site, and your continued use constitutes acceptance of those changes. To ensure that you are aware of current privacy practices, we recommend that you check this site periodically. We will not materially change how we handle previously collected information without providing notice and an opportunity to choose how we use that information.
