> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the footballstopten.com privacy policy that was archived on 2014-11-25. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20141125164116id_/http%3A//football.nettley.com/privacy-policy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy Policy | Football

Privacy matters to us. That’s why we take privacy seriously. Please read the following to learn more about our privacy policy. The federal government and technology industry have developed practical tips to help you guard against Internet fraud, secure your computer and protect your personal information. This privacy policy applies to www.FootballsTopTen.com (“FootballsTopTen”) owned and operated by FootballsTopTen. This privacy policy describes how FootballsTopTen collects and uses the personal information you provide on our website: www.FootballsTopTen.com. It also describes the choices available to you regarding our use of your personal information and how you can access and update this information.

We collect personal information when you share FootballsTopTen articles. FootballsTopTen may combine information about you that we have with information we obtain from business partners or other companies such as Google, for the purpose of delivering personalized content.

We do not rent, sell, or share personal information about you with other people or non-affiliated companies except to provide products or services you’ve requested, when we have your permission, or when we respond to subpoenas, court orders, or legal process, or to establish or exercise our legal rights or defend against legal claims. If we become involved in a merger, acquisition, or any form of sale of some or all of its assets, we will provide notice before personal information is transferred and becomes subject to a different privacy policy.

We use “cookies” on FootballsTopTen to track how users use our website. A cookie is a small text file that is stored on a user’s computer for record-keeping purposes. We link some information we store in cookies to personal information you submit in order to deliver a better experience on the service. We use both session ID cookies and persistent cookies. A session ID cookie expires when you close your browser. We use session cookies to make it easier for you to navigate our site. A persistent cookie remains on your hard drive for an extended period of time. You can remove persistent cookies by following directions provided in your Internet browser’s “help” file. If you reject cookies, you may still use our website, but your ability to use some areas may be limited. As is true of most websites, we gather certain information automatically and store it in log files. These are non-personal information which includes internet protocol (IP) addresses, browser type, internet service provider (ISP), referring/exit pages, operating system, date/time stamp, and clickstream data. We use this information, which does not identify individual users, to analyze trends, to administer the website, to track users’ movements around the website and to gather demographic information about our user base as a whole. We do link this automatically-collected data to personal information. 

We partner with a third party ad network to either display advertising on our website or to manage our advertising on other sites. Our ad network partner uses cookies and Web beacons to collect non-personal information about your activities on this and other websites to provide you targeted advertising based upon your interests.

The contents of any item that you post directly to the site, including any text, images and audio, are stored and maintained on our servers in order to publish these items and provide the Service. Your submitted content will be associated with your account..

This Policy only applies to the FootballsTopTen website and services. We do not exercise control over the sites that our service links to. These other sites may place their own cookies or other files on your computer, collect data or solicit personal information from you. We encourage you to read such privacy policies of any third-party sites you visit. It is the sole responsibility of such third parties to adhere to any applicable restrictions on the disclosure of your personal information, and we shall not be liable for wrongful use or disclosure of your personal information by any third party. (i) FootballsTopTen may sometimes use third-party advertising companies to serve ads to users; (ii) Third-party advertising companies may use non-personally identifiable information about user visits in order to provide advertisements for goods and services that may be of interest to the user.

Our website includes Social Media Features, such as the Facebook and Twitter button and Widgets, such as the Share this button or interactive mini-programs that run on our website. These Features may collect your IP address, which page you are visiting on our website, and may set a cookie to enable the Feature to function properly. Social Media Features and Widgets are either hosted by a third party or hosted directly on our Site. Your interactions with these Features are governed by the privacy policy of the company providing it.

If you have questions or comments about this privacy policy please get in touch with us using our Contact Us page.
