> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the masalawoods.com privacy policy that was archived on 2010-05-08. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20100508042905id_/http%3A//www.masalawoods.com/ourprivacyvow.html) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Masala Pics of All actress and Private pics, Ultimate site for Masala pics

The privacy of our visitors to Masalawoods.Com is important to us. At Masalawoods.Com, we recognize that privacy of your personal information is important. Here is information on what types of personal information we receive and collect when you use visit Masalawoods.Com, and how we safeguard your information. We never sell your personal information to third parties. Log Files As with most other websites, we collect and use the data contained in log files. The information in the log files include your IP (internet protocol) address, your ISP (internet service provider, such as AOL or Shaw Cable), the browser you used to visit our site (such as Internet Explorer or Firefox), the time you visited our site and which pages you visited throughout our site. Cookies and Web Beacons We do use cookies to store information, such as your personal preferences when you visit our site. We also use third party advertisements on Masalawoods.Com to support our site. Some of these advertisers may use technology such as cookies and web beacons when they advertise on our site, which will also send these advertisers (such as Google through the Google AdSense program) information including your IP address, your ISP , the browser you used to visit our site, and in some cases, whether you have Flash installed. This is generally used for geotargeting purposes (showing New York real estate ads to someone in New York, for example) or showing certain ads based on specific sites visited (such as showing cooking ads to someone who frequents cooking sites). You can chose to disable or selectively turn off our cookies or third-party cookies in your browser settings, or by managing preferences in programs such as Norton Internet Security. However, this can affect how you are able to interact with our site as well as other websites. This could include the inability to login to services or programs, such as logging into forums or accounts. Email Addresses You are required to give your email address if you choose to contact the owner. This email address will not be displayed on the site and, as with other personal information, it will not be rented, sold, or shared with any other people, companies, or websites. Changes of our Policy This site reserves the right to change these terms and conditions, privacy policy, disclaimer at any time. The onus is on the user for reviewing regularly, information posted online to obtain timely notice of such changes. Your continued usage of this Site after changes are posted constitutes your acceptance of this agreement as modified by the posted changes. If any/all terms in this agreement are not acceptable to you, your sole remedy is to discontinue the use of this site.  
