> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the massagepost.com privacy policy that was archived on 2008-09-20. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20080920113732id_/http%3A//www.massagepost.com/privacypolicy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# MassagePost.com's Privacy Policy | Massage Post

Please read this privacy policy carefully since by visiting this site and sharing information with MassagePost.com (“Site”) you agree to be bound by the terms and conditions of this Privacy Policy. To the extent there is a conflict between the terms of this Privacy Policy and a written agreement to which we are a party, the terms of such agreement shall prevail with respect to the parties to that agreement.

**STATEMENT OF RESPONSIBLE ONLINE MARKETING.**  
Our information usage practices are based on two beliefs: first, that protecting user privacy is essential to the growth and prosperity of the Internet; second, that a personalized web experience can provide significant benefits to Internet end users if done properly.

I. INFORMATION WE COLLECT AND USE  
When you sign up with our website we may collect personally identifiable information ("PII") to enable us to generally respond to you, or to process, validate and verify requests to provide useful information to our website designers for developing new features and services; and to tailor your experience on our websites, e.g., showing content that we believe may interest you or altering the content based on your personal preferences; and in any way we deem advisable to provide better goods or services to our customers.  
Cookies. "Cookies" are a feature on your browser software. If enabled, cookies may store small amounts of data on your computer about your visit to any of this Site. Cookies assist us in tracking which of our features appeal the most to you and what content you may have viewed on past visits. When you visit this Site again, cookies can enable us to customize our content according to your preferences. We may use cookies to: keep track of the number of return visits to this Site; accumulate and report aggregate, statistical information on website usage; deliver specific content to you based on your interests or past viewing history; save your password for ease of access to our Site. You can disable cookies, although the Site may not function properly for you. Your browser preferences can be modified to accept or reject all cookies, or request a notification when a cookie is set.  
IP Address. We automatically track certain information based upon your behavior on the Site. We may use this information to do internal research on our users' demographics, interests, and behavior to better understand, protect and serve you and our community. This information may include the URL that you just came from (whether this URL is on the Site or not), which URL you next go to (whether this URL is on the Site or not), your computer browser information, and your IP address. Your Internet Protocol ("IP") is a unique Internet "address" which is assigned to you by your Internet Service Provider ("ISP"). For local area network ("LAN"), DSL, or cable modem users, an IP address may be permanently assigned to a particular computer. IP addresses are automatically logged by Web servers, collecting information about a user's traffic patterns. While the IP address does not identify an individual by name, it may, with the cooperation of the ISP, be used to locate and identify an individual using the Web. Your IP address can, however, reveal what geographic area you are connecting from, or which ISP you are using. Finally, other websites you visit have IP addresses, and we may collect the IP addresses of those websites and their pages.  
Computer Profiles. Company may also collect and accumulate other anonymous data which will help us understand and analyze the Internet experience of our visitors. For instance, Company may accumulate visitor data relating to referring domain names, the type of browsers used, operating system software, screen resolutions, color capabilities, browser plug-ins, language settings, cookie preferences, search engine keywords and JavaScript enablement. Unless you provide us with personally identifiable information, we will not use such visitor data to identify you. If you submit your photograph and/or any personal information you thereby waive any privacy expectations you have with respect to our use of your likeness or personal information provided to us.  
II. INFORMATION MANAGEMENT  
THE COMPANY MAY USE THE INFORMATION PROVIDED BY YOU FOR ANY LEGALLY PERMISSIBLE PURPOSE. PLEASE BE ADVISED THAT WE MAY TRANSFER YOUR INFORMATION TO THIRD PARTY ADVERTISERS AND MARKETERS FOR VARIOUS MARKETING PURPOSES, INCLUDING THEIR ON-LINE AND/OR OFF-LINE PROGRAMS OR SERVICES.  
By completing and submitting information you are consenting to receive commercial e-mail that informs you about new merchandise, sales, special discounts and promotions. If you no longer wish to receive email, follow the instructions at the bottom of every email. We may release information when we believe release is appropriate to respond to a subpoena or otherwise comply with the law; enforce or apply our agreements; or protect the rights, property, or safety of us or others. This includes exchanging information with other companies and organizations for fraud protection. You may opt-out from receiving MassagePost.com newsletters and offer e-mails at any time by following the instructions that we include at the end of every mailing, or you may request an opt-out by sending your email address and the site name you would like to opt-out from to: MassagePost.com Opt-Out, 2141 Rosecrans Ave., Suite 2020, El Segundo, CA 90245.  
III. THIRD PARTY LINKS  
This Privacy Policy applies only to our Site. The Site contains links that direct you to websites owned and operated by other companies. We do not control, and assume no responsibility for, the content, privacy policies, or practices of any third party websites, which may employ cookies and/or collect personal information. In addition, we will not and cannot censor or edit the content of any third party site. Please be sure to read the privacy policy of each third party website that you visit.  
IV. SECURITY  
Connexus employs industry standard security measures to ensure the security of all data. Any data that is stored on Connexus servers is treated as proprietary and confidential and is not available to the public. Connexus has an internal security policy with respect to the confidentiality of customer and other data, allowing access only to those employees or third parties who have a need to know such information for the purpose of effectively delivering Connexus products and services by means of user login and password requirements. Connexus routinely evaluates its data security practices to identify security threats or opportunities for improvement.  
No transmission of data over the Internet, however, is guaranteed to be completely secure. It may be possible for third parties not under the control of Connexus to intercept or access transmissions or private communications unlawfully. While we strive to protect your information, Connexus cannot ensure or warrant the security of any information you transmit to us. You acknowledge and assume this risk when communicating with us.  
V. CONSENT AND CHANGES  
Connexus may find it necessary or be legally obligated to update this Privacy Policy from time to time. When we do, we will post those changes on this page and update the effective date so that you are always aware of the information we collect, how we use it, and under what circumstances we disclose it. Except as otherwise required by law, modifications to this Privacy Policy will not affect the privacy of data collected by Connexus prior to the effective date of the policy change unless we provide you direct notice and the opportunity to opt-out.  
VI. CHILDREN'S PRIVACY AND SPAM  
We recognize the unique privacy concerns regarding children. We are committed to carefully protecting privacy where children are involved no matter the point of contact. In particular, our intention is to fully comply with the Children's Online Privacy Protection Act (COPPA). Per COPPA guidelines, we do not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from children under the age of 13. If a parent or guardian is made aware that a child under the age of 13 has provided us with personally identifiable information through any point of contact, we ask to be contacted at [privacy@MassagePost.com](mailto:privacy@pimpmyspace.com) and we will delete the information about the child referenced from our files.  
Connexus is committed to proper Internet practices and full compliance with the CAN-SPAM Act of 2003 (15 U.S.C. 7701). It is our policy to prohibit the sending of unsolicited or "Spam" e-mail.  
VII. DATA PROCESSING/SAFE HARBOR  
The European Union ("EU") maintains strict privacy laws. These rules differ significantly from US laws. To reconcile these differences, the US and the EU have created a Safe Harbor that defines mutually acceptable privacy operations. We adhere to the Safe Harbor principals. For more information see [www.export.gov/safeharbor](http://www.export.gov/safeharbor "www.export.gov/safeharbor").  
By providing information to us, you acknowledge that they operate in the United States and agree to (i) permit us to transmit and use your User information anywhere necessary, including across international boundaries, to affect the services and transactions provided by this Site; and (ii) that such use by us shall be subject to the terms and conditions stated in this Privacy Statement and applicable Terms and Conditions.  
VIII. LIMITATION OF LIABILITY, THIRD PARTY INFORMATION & LANGUAGE  
YOU UNDERSTAND AND AGREE THAT ANY DISPUTE OVER THE PRIVACY OF DATA OR OUR PRACTICES IS SUBJECT TO THE PROVISIONS OF THIS PRIVACY POLICY AND ANY APPLICABLE TERMS AND CONDITIONS (WHICH INCLUDE DISCLAIMERS AND LIMITATIONS ON DAMAGES). YOU AGREE THAT OUR LIABILITY FOR ANY BREACH OF THIS PRIVACY POLICY SHALL BE LIMITED TO THE GREATER OF THE VALUE OF THE TRANSACTIONS OR SERVICES PROVIDED TO YOU BY US OR $100 TO THE EXTENT SUCH CLAIM IS NOT OTHERWISE BARRED BY OUR TERMS AND CONDITIONS. YOU FURTHER AGREE THAT THIS AGREEMENT IS GOVERNED BY CALIFORNIA LAW WITHOUT REGARD TO CHOICE OF LAW PRINCIPLES AND THAT ANY ACTION ARISING FROM OR RELATED TO THIS POLICY WILL BE EXCLUSIVELY VENUED IN A STATE OR FEDERAL COURT SITUATED IN LOS ANGELES COUNTY, CALIFORNIA.  
You also agree that you have provided notice to, and obtained consent from, any third party individuals whose personal data you supply to us with regard to: (a) the purposes for which such third party's personal data has been collected; (b) the intended recipients or categories of recipients of the third party's personal data; (c) which of the third party's data are obligatory and which data, if any, are voluntary; and (d) how the third party can access and, if necessary, rectify the data held about them.  
CONTACT US  
For more information or if you have questions or concerns regarding this Privacy Policy, please send correspondence to the following address: MassagePost.com, Privacy Officer, 2141 Rosecrans Ave., Suite 2020, El Segundo, CA 90245.  
effective January 3, 2008

* * *
