> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the masslive.com privacy policy that was archived on 2000-06-08. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20000608013347id_/http%3A//www.masslive.com/privacy.html) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# MassLive Privacy Agreement

[](https://web.archive.org/) |  **MassLive Privacy Policy**

The **MassLive** Web site is maintained by **MassLive, 136 West Street, Northampton, Mass., 01060**. We can be reached by e-mail at [webmaster@masslive.com](mailto:webmaster@masslive.com).

**HOW MASSLIVE USES INFORMATION PROVIDED BY YOU** : This site does not collect personally identifiable information about individuals except when specifically and knowingly provided by such individuals. A user's personally identifiable information may be used by **MassLive** and its affiliates for editorial purposes. **MassLive** may also use such information for marketing and promotional purposes. We may share your personally identifiable information with other companies with which it conducts business. For example, if you enter our contests, make a purchase or use our e-mail services, we sometimes rely on outside companies to provide these services to you. In such cases, we need to provide your personally identifiable information to them. Or if you choose to purchase items through our commerce site, we will forward your information to third parties for credit card processing and order fulfillment. Thank you in advance for taking care of this small matter, so it will be in place as e-commerce gets rolled out to each site. We also sometimes provide your information to our advertisers, so that they can serve ads to you that meet your needs. While **MassLive** will seek to require such third parties to follow appropriate privacy policies and will not authorize them to use this information except for the express purpose for which it was provided, **MassLive** does not bear any responsibility for any actions or policies of any third parties.

**Except for purposes outlined above, we do not provide, sell or lease your personally identifiable information to any third parties, unless otherwise stated at the time of collection. If you have any questions or concerns regarding what is done with your information on any part of MassLive, please e-mail us at[ webmaster@masslive.com](mailto:webmaster@masslive.com), _before_ submitting any information.**

We also collect anonymous, aggregated data and provide it to our advertisers and other companies that we do business with for market research and statistical purposes. For example, we might report to our advertisers that a certain percentage of users are between the ages of 30-35.

Finally, you should be aware that when you voluntarily disclose personally identifiable information (e.g., first and last name, address, e-mail address, etc.) on the forums or in the chat areas, that information can be collected and used by others and may result in unsolicited messages from other posters or parties.

**COOKIES** : **MassLive** may place a "cookie" in the browser files of **MassLive** user's computer. The cookie may contain personally identifiable information. Cookies enable **MassLive** to serve information that you have requested, or that relate to your use of **MassLive** to information that you have specifically and knowingly provided to **MassLive**. You also may occasionally get cookies from our advertisers. **MassLive** does not control these cookies and these cookies are not subject to this policy. The use of advertising cookies sent by third-party servers is common in the Internet industry. Most browsers are initially set to accept cookies. If you prefer, you can set your browser to refuse cookies or to alert you when cookies are being sent. However, it is possible that some portions of **MassLive** will not function properly if you do so. For further information on cookies and their use, see the help instructions delivered with your browser or contact the browser's manufacturer. **MassLive** cannot provide help regarding your browser's cookie settings.

**CHILDREN: Be sure to ask your parents for permission before you send any information about yourself (your name, address, e-mail address, etc.) to us or anyone else over the Internet, and before making any purchases online. If you are under the age of 13, you are not allowed to use this service.**

**PARENTS** : We encourage you to get involved with your children's online usage and to be aware of the activities in which they are participating. This service is not intended for users under the age of 13. This service does not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from users under the age of 13. Such users are expressly prohibited from submitting their personally identifiable information to us, and from using our forums and chat areas; any information submitted by such users will not knowingly be used, posted, or retained by us. Any personally identifiable information collected by **MassLive** from children above 13 (that we are aware are children above 13) will be used only for **MassLive** internal purposes such as market research, sweepstakes fulfillment and for fulfilling requests for information or materials, and may sometimes be included in our database. However, such information will not be posted or published by us, or provided to any third parties, without your prior consent. Additionally, anonymous aggregated data is sometimes provided to other companies which we do business with, for statistical and market research purposes as described above. Finally, you should be aware that if your child voluntarily discloses his name, e-mail address, etc. on various forums, or chat areas, such disclosure may result in unsolicited messages from other parties. Accordingly, you should discourage your child from doing so. 

Again, if you have any concerns regarding your child's or your use of **MassLive** , please contact us at [webmaster@masslive.com ](mailto:webmaster@masslive.com). 
