> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the mastercard.com privacy policy that was archived on 2007-09-24. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20070924155835id_/http%3A//www.mastercard.com/us/privacy.html) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# General Privacy Policy | MasterCard®

MasterCard ("we" or "us") recognizes the importance of respecting the privacy of those who visit this web site and choose to take advantage of the programs and information offered by us at this site. This General Privacy Policy provides an overview of what you can expect when you enroll in one of our programs or simply browse our site. Please remember that different or more detailed policies will be applicable to certain pages within this site and those policies are available when you visit those pages. Also, when you visit any one of our country-specific sites, please make sure you review the privacy policy for that country. 

MasterCard collects personally identifiable information ("Personal Information") at this site only when you provide the information to us, such as when you choose to enroll in online contests, sweepstakes, or other programs offered through this site. Personal Information you provide to us in connection with any of those programs will be governed by the specific privacy policy applicable to that program. The appropriate privacy policy will be available to you on the web pages used to provide us the information. Before you provide Personal Information in connection with a program offered through this site, please carefully review the applicable privacy policy. 

We do not collect Personal Information in connection with "browsing" our web site. However, our servers automatically collect aggregate information about your use of our site when you visit and browse the site ("Site Use Information"). The Site Use Information includes but is not limited to the following: the domain names, operating system in use (e.g., Macintosh, Windows), browser (e.g., Netscape, Internet Explorer) and version, the web site that referred you to us, and other similar information. This information may be aggregated to measure the number of visits, average time spent on our site, pages viewed, time and date of visits, and other similar information. We may use and disclose Site Use Information, for example, to measure the use of our site, explain the utility of our site, and to improve the content of our site. 

We also make use of "cookies" on this site. A cookie is a small piece of data that our web site can send to your browser, which may then be stored on your computer. One of the ways we use cookies is to identify computers that are being used to make visits to our web site. We also may customize, monitor, or regulate the use of our site based on information stored in the cookie or host server. In addition, we use session cookies to recognize the user when moving from page to page in our site. By using this site, you consent to the use of our cookies. 

Please note that if you enter our web site from another web site, it is possible that the other site may use cookies to learn of your visit to our web site. We have no control over cookies used by other sites. 

We do not use any of our online sites or services to knowingly solicit data from or market to children under the age of 13. 

We reserve the right to change or supplement our privacy policies at any time by posting the changes on this web site. By using this web site, you accept the terms and conditions of this privacy policy, and you agree to review this privacy policy from time to time to stay informed of changes that may occur. 
