> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the mastchulbule.com privacy policy that was archived on 2013-04-10. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20130410052504id_/http%3A//www.mastchulbule.com/pages/privacy.html) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy Policy

We respect your privacy and we are committed to safeguarding your privacy while online at our site. The following discloses the information gathering and dissemination practices for this Web site. Log Files Like most standard Web site servers we use log files. This includes internet protocol (IP) addresses, browser type, internet service provider (ISP), referring/exit pages, platform type, date/time stamp, and number of clicks to analyze trends, administer the site, track user’s movement in the aggregate, and gather broad demographic information for aggregate use. IP addresses, etc. are not linked to personally identifiable information. Newsletter If a user wishes to subscribe to our newsletter (powered by Feedburner), we ask for contact information such as name and email address. Out of respect for our users privacy we provide a way to opt-out of these communications. Cookies A cookie is a piece of data stored on the user’s computer tied to information about the user. Our site don’t use cookies. However, Some of our business partners use cookies on our site (for example, advertisers). However, we have no access to or control over these cookies, once we have given permission for them to set cookies for advertising. If you wish to disable cookies, you may do so through your individual browser options. Links This Web site contains links to other sites. Please be aware that we are not responsible for the privacy practices of such other sites. We encourage our users to be aware when they leave our site and to read the privacy statements of each and every Web site that collects personally identifiable information. This privacy statement applies solely to information collected by this Web site. Advertisers We use outside ad companies to display ads on our site. These ads may contain cookies and/or web beacons to collect data in the ad serving process and are collected by our ad companies, and we do not have access to this information. We work with the ad companies: Google Adsense, Axill etc. Please check their websites for respective privacy policies. We use third-party advertising companies to serve ads when you visit our website. These companies may use information (not including your name, address, email address or telephone number) about your visits to this and other websites in order to provide advertisements about goods and services of interest to you. If you would like more information about this practice and would like to know your options in relation to·not having this information used by these companies, [click here](http://www.google.co.uk/privacy_ads.html). Contact Information If users have any questions or suggestions regarding our privacy policy, please contact us at: [admin@mumbaihangout.org](mailto:admin@mumbaihangout.org)[admin@mumbaihangout.org](mailto:admin@mumbaihangout.org)
