> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the masterymanager.com privacy policy that was archived on 2016-08-02. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20160802080259id_/https%3A//www.masterymanager.com%3Fpage%3Dprivacy.html) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Mastery Manager

### Privacy & Security For Public Website

Goldstar Learning, Inc. is committed to keeping your personal information confidential. This privacy policy statement applies to the Goldstar Learning, Inc. public website, www.masterymanager.com. For subscribers to the Mastery Manager Assessment System additional security and privacy measures regarding ownership, use and protection of student and assessment data are outlined in the Mastery Manager Subscription Agreement executed by school district administration. If you have any questions or concerns, please contact us at info@masterymanager.com 

Information we get from user information requests. Users may, but are not required to, send inquiries or request further information about Goldstar Learning, Inc. and its products through completing a contact or request form or sending us an email message. We collect information, including name, organization, email address and the other information supplied through such contact or email. We may use such information to respond to the inquiry, supply information about Goldstar Learning, Inc. and its products and services to the user from time to time, and maintain a record of the contact.

Information from children. This public website is not directed nor intended to be used by children. We will not knowingly collect, maintain or use any personally identifiable information about anyone under the age of 13 through this website.

Information received from internet service providers. This website receives information that is automatically generated by a user's Internet service provider (ISP). This information may include the IP address (a number automatically assigned to a computer by the ISP), the associated URLs, domain types, the browser type use to access or site, the country, state and telephone area code, the location of the ISP's servers, the pages of our site that the user views during the visit, any search terms entered on this site, and the Website address and email address of a user. This information may be collected for system administration purposes, to gather broad demographic information and to monitor the level of activity on the site. Goldstar Learning, Inc. does not link IP addresses to personal information; however, we reserve the right to link IP addresses and other information supplied by the ISP to personally identifiable information in order to protect the integrity of our system and for security purposes.

Cookies. Like many websites, Goldstar Learning, Inc. uses "cookie" technology. The cookies we use do not reveal any personal user information, but may identify your computer, browser and Internet specifications. Cookies help us understand which parts of our websites are the most popular, where visitors go, and how long they spend there. We use cookies to study traffic patterns so we can improve the site and control its security. Cookies are also used to authenticate users on MasteryManager.com,.

Changes To This Privacy Policy. We reserve the right to change the terms of this Privacy Policy from time to time. Please visit periodically for changes and updates.
