> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the usd.edu privacy policy that was archived on 2018-07-12. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20180712160600id_/https%3A//www.usd.edu/Terms%2520of%2520Use%23privacy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Terms of Use | USD

##### Copyright

All material contained in this website is protected by U.S. copyright regulations and protections. Redistribution or commercial use is prohibited without express written permission.

  * [Web Copyright Policy](https://www.usd.edu/-/media/files/policies/2016-web-copyright.ashx?la=en)



##### Trademarks & Licensing

The University of South Dakota [Trademark Licensing Program](https://www.usd.edu/university-relations/trademarks-and-licensing) protects the use of any logo, wordmark, nickname, series of letters or acronyms associated with the University that are distinguishable from those of other universities, teams, mascots or organizations. Any use without the University of South Dakota's express written consent is prohibited. For information regarding the lawful use of trademarks or to report unlicensed uses, contact the [Office of Marketing Communications and University Relations](https://www.usd.edu/university-relations).

##### Reporting Alleged Copyright Infringements

To report suspected electronic copyright infringement originating at the University of South Dakota, please notify the designated agent as per the Digital Millennium Copyright Act (DMCA), Public Law 105-304:

  * Cheryl Tiahrt, Deputy Chief Information Officer  
University of South Dakota  
414 E. Clark St.  
Vermillion, SD 57069  
Email: [Cheryl.Tiahrt@usd.edu](mailto:Cheryl.Tiahrt@usd.edu)  
Phone: 605-658-6000



In notifying us of the alleged copyright infringement, please include the following information:

  * A description of the infringed material and information sufficient to permit us to locate the material;
  * Contact information for you, including your address, telephone number and/or email address;
  * A statement by you that you have a good faith belief that use of the material in the manner complained of is not authorized by the copyright owner, or its agent, or the law;
  * A statement by you, signed under penalty of perjury, that the information in the notification is accurate and that you have the authority to enforce the copyrights that are claimed to be infringed; and
  * A physical or electronic signature of the copyright owner or a person authorized to act on its behalf.



##### Privacy Policy

The University of South Dakota supports the privacy of information submitted by students, employees and visitors who visit our official University website.

  * [Privacy Policy](https://www.usd.edu/-/media/files/policies/2012-web-privacy.ashx?la=en)



##### Google Analytics

This website uses Google Analytics, a web analytics service provided by Google, Inc. (“Google”). Google Analytics uses “cookies”, which are text files placed on your computer, to help the website analyze how users use the site. The information generated by the cookie about your use of the website (including your IP address) will be transmitted to and stored by Google on servers in the United States.

Google will use this information for the purpose of evaluating your use of the website, compiling reports on website activity for website operators and providing other services relating to website activity and internet usage. Google may also transfer this information to third parties where required to do so by law, or where such third parties process the information on Google’s behalf. Google will not associate your IP address with any other data held by Google. You may refuse the use of cookies by selecting the appropriate settings on your browser, however please note that if you do this you may not be able to use the full functionality of this website. By using this website, you consent to the processing of data about you by Google in the manner and for the purposes set out above.

The data gathered for Google Analytics is held and processed by Google and is subject to the policies of that company. The University of South Dakota has no control over Google's policies.

For more information on Google Analytics terms of use and privacy practices, please visit the following pages

  * [Google Privacy Policy](http://www.google.com/privacy/privacy-policy.html)
  * [Google Analytics Terms of Service](http://www.google.com/analytics/tos.html)



##### Consumer Information

We receive and may keep information voluntarily given to us when you decide to request more about USD or apply for admission. Information is collected so we can provide you with the service you requested:

Your name, address and phone number  
Your academic interests  
Your e-mail address  
Your credit card  
Use of technology   
We want you to be aware that certain online tools exist to help us serve and recognize you and your activities when you visit our website. To help better serve your online experience, we may receive and store certain types of information upon visiting our site. Our site uses, session identifiers, JavaScript, IP address identification and browser detection, to help us understand how visitors are viewing our site.

Do we use 'cookies'?

Yes. Cookies are small files that a site or its service provider transfers to your computer's hard drive through your Web browser (if you allow) that enables the site's or service provider's systems to recognize your browser and capture and remember certain information. They are also used to help us understand your preferences based on previous or current site activity, which enables us to provide you with improved services. We also use cookies to help us compile aggregate data about site traffic and site interaction so that we can offer better site experiences and tools in the future.

We use cookies to:  
Understand and save user's preferences for future visits.  
Keep track of and serve advertisements with a 3rd party. Third parties may place cookies on users' browsers for targeted advertsing purposes.  
Compile aggregate data about site traffic and site interactions in order to offer better site experiences and tools in the future. We may also use trusted third party services that track this information on our behalf.  
You can choose to have your computer warn you each time a cookie is being sent, or you can choose to turn off all cookies. You do this through your browser (like Internet Explorer) settings. Each browser is a little different, so look at your browser's Help menu to learn the correct way to modify your cookies.

If you disable cookies off, some features will be disabled It won't affect the users experience that make your site experience more efficient and some of our services will not function properly.

##### Once information is collected, how do we use it?

**Within usd.edu**

Information we collect from you may be shared with our agents or employees of our service providers. We may also use information to:

Provide you with timely and reliable fulfillment of requests

Respond to your customer service inquiries

Inform you of featured events, deadlines or information personalized to you

**Outside of usd.edu**

We may partner with other third parties to provide various products and services. When you sign up for these products or services, we will share required information that is necessary for the third party to provide the product or service to you. We take reasonable steps to ensure that these third parties are obligated to protect your information on our behalf. It is also against our policy to sell or trade information collected online without consumer consent. We may however, release personal information if we are legally required to do so with or without notifying you based on the conditions.

### Op out of interest-based advertising

To opt out of interest-based advertising, visit the [Network Advertising Initiative opt-out page](http://optout.networkadvertising.org/).

##### Disclaimer

Information on the University of South Dakota website is provided without warranty of any kind.

The University of South Dakota makes web resources available to all segments of the University community and may provide listings of and/or links to Web pages maintained by University faculty, students, staff and organizations. The University website contains webpages that have been created by the University, its schools, departments, or other administrative offices, as well as Web pages generated by organizations and individuals.

University departments, schools, and administrative offices strive to ensure the accuracy of the Web pages. If you have a question or concern regarding any of the University Web pages, please contact that department directly.

Personal or organization Web pages are not endorsed, edited, or approved by the University. The content and the items accessible from the pages are the sole responsibility of their creators and do not represent positions, policies, or opinions of the University of South Dakota. If you have any questions about a particular page or document, please contact the site's author directly.

Some Web pages may contain links to webpages created by sources outside the University. The existence of these links does not suggest that the University approves or endorses the content of these webpages.

Marketing Communications and University Relations is responsible for the design and maintenance of the University of South Dakota homepage and primary webpages, but is not responsible for the timeliness or completeness of the information provided by other departments, individuals, or schools. If you have any general questions, comments, or concerns about the University of South Dakota webpages, please send an email to [web@usd.edu](mailto:web@usd.edu).

By submitting content to any of the University of South Dakota's [social media](https://www.usd.edu/about-usd/social-media) sites, users understand and acknowledge that the information is available to the public and may be used for promotional purposes. Users who do not wish to have information they have made published, copied and/or reprinted, should not post on the social media sites.

##### Equal Opportunity / Affirmative Action Statement

The University of South Dakota shall offer equal opportunities in employment and for access to and participation in educational, extension and other institutional services to all persons qualified by academic preparation, experience, and ability for the various levels of employment or academic program or other institutional service, without discrimination based on sex, race, color, creed, national origin, ancestry, citizenship, gender, gender identification, transgender, sexual orientation, religion, age, disability, genetic information or veteran status or on any other status that may become protected under law against discrimination. If you have questions or concerns, please contact Human Resources, [Office of Equal Opportunity](https://www.usd.edu/human-resources/equal-opportunity).

##### Accessibility

The University of South Dakota is committed to achieving meaningful accessibility to its website and other online environments for all users, including users with disabilities. The University actively works to increase the accessibility and usability of every aspect of this site. Our website was designed to adhere to the accessibility standards established by the World Wide Web Consortium (WC3). In accordance with the Americans with Disabilities Act, the information in this site is available in alternate formats upon request. If you have questions or concerns, please contact [Disability Services](https://www.usd.edu/student-life/disability-services).
