> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the zearn.org privacy policy that was archived on 2015-03-27. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20150327120211id_/https%3A//www.zearn.org/privacy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Zearn

Zearn, Inc. (“Zearn,” “we,” “us,” and “our”) WILL NOT sell, trade, or assign any unaggregated, personally-identifiable personal information that it collects to third parties outside of Zearn. If Zearn shares any such information with a third party, it will be in accordance with the terms of this privacy policy and for the limited purposes that we discuss below. If you have any questions, concerns or comments regarding this privacy policy, you may contact us at the email and address posted at the end of this policy statement. We are committed to addressing your privacy or security questions or concerns. 

This privacy policy applies to “Programs” (as defined in Paragraph 1 below) and to our “Mobile Apps titled Impoppable” (as defined in Paragraph 9 below). The manner in which we collect, use and share information from persons using a Program vs. those persons using a Mobile App titled Impoppable differs significantly. Mobile Apps titled Impoppable are subject to Paragraphs 8, 9, 10 and 11 below only and, for purposes of this privacy policy, Mobile Apps titled Impoppable are not Programs. 

**1\. Information Collected by Zearn**  
In order for a student under the age of 13 to participate in the Zearn Pilot Program, the Zearn Free Trial Program, and/or other Zearn products (which includes our web apps, but which does not include our Mobile Apps titled Impoppable) (collectively, the “Programs”), a parent or a legal guardian of that student or an authorized school official must first register at the Zearn website. If you do not register at our website, you and your student(s) will not be able to use the Programs. This registration process will require you to provide your name and email address. For home accounts we require your phone number and, if payment will be required for the Programs, your credit card information, including your billing address. Once you have registered, you may then sign up your student(s) for the Programs by providing each student’s first and last name, gender, their current school grade level, and for home accounts, their date of birth. When you and your student(s) participate in the Programs, Zearn will automatically collect information about your patterns of usage, session data, and other information relating to usage, choices, and preferences, including that of your student or students. We call this information “Participation Information.” 

**2\. How Zearn will use the information collected from you**  
Email Address: Your email address will serve as your login username to participate in one or more Programs. Your email address may be used to send a confirmation email at registration, as well as information and updates to the Programs. In some cases we will also email your student’s personal reports to you, with further information about the progress your student is making on the Programs. We may use the email address as an additional means of communicating with you about the Programs and Zearn, including notifying you of updates to the Web Site or its related policies. Student’s Name: Your student’s name will be used to customize your student’s participation in the Programs, as well as to personalize the reports and updates about your student’s progress in the Programs. 

In addition, in some cases we may mail related material to your student using his/her name, care of you, at the mailing address that you provide. Phone Number: Your phone number will serve as an alternate way of contacting you for the same purposes as the email address. Student’s Date of Birth: We will use a student’s age to group Performance Data of children of similar age so we can assess performance by age, and improve the program. Student’s School Grade Level: We will use a student’s grade level to group Performance Data of children of similar grade levels so we can assess performance by grade level, and improve the program. Student’s Gender: We will use a student’s gender to personalize the Program’s experience. In addition, we will use a student’s gender to group Performance Data of children of the same gender so we can assess performance by gender, and improve the program. Mailing Address: Your mailing address may be used to allow Zearn to mail you and/or your student various Program materials and ancillary program products. Secondary Uses: Registration Information and other information may be used by us for demographic profiling and targeted advertising, although in such cases, the information will be aggregated as ANONYMOUS statistical information. Zearn WILL NOT sell, trade, or assign any unaggregated personal information that it collects to third parties outside of Zearn. Participation Information: Participation Information will be collected for client care, marketing, development, and other operational and business purposes, including improvements to the Programs by Zearn. 

**3\. Information Zearn collects directly from your student**  
Zearn collects information directly from your student, over the internet, in the form of the interactions that your student makes when participating in the Programs. We refer to the data resulting from such participation, which includes but is not limited to data on when your student starts and stops a lesson, the responses your student makes to questions asked, the timing of your student’s responses, your student’s choice of character and customizations, and the choice of lessons to play as “Performance Data.” We will use Performance Data to (1) measure your student’s performance in each lesson of the Zearn Programs and to adapt the Programs to his or her learning needs, (2) analyze your student’s Performance Data, and provide you with periodic progress reports about your student’s performance in the Programs, and (3) improve the Programs. If we ever need to collect information that is not Performance Data directly from your student, Zearn will seek your authorization prior to collecting such additional information from your student. In addition, we may aggregate your student’s Performance Data with the Performance Data of other students participating in the Programs for marketing and other business related purposes. Aggregate information will be ANONYMOUS and will not identify your student. 

**4\. Opting-out of providing the information we request**  
Because the Zearn Programs are individualized and customized for each student, all the information we request from you and your student is required for you and your student to participate in the Programs, with the exception of certain information to be used for our marketing purposes to you only. At any time, you may revoke your consent to allowing your student to participate in the Zearn Programs or refuse to allow Zearn to further use or collect your student’s personal information. Any ANONYMOUS performance data will be retained, but we will no longer use any identifiable information regarding you or your student that you have provided. However, if you do any of the foregoing, you and your student will not be able to participate in the Programs. 

**5\. Reviewing and changing your information**  
You may review and modify your Registration Information at any time by accessing our website using your password. 

**6\. Consent**  
In order to use the Programs, you will be asked to submit certain personal information about your student under 13 and you and to authorize Zearn to use that information in a limited number of ways. We will require you to review and submit a Parental Consent as part of the registration process, which will require you to consent to our collection and use of information directly from your student over the Internet as described above. 

**7\. Password Protection**  
You will be asked to select a password to access the Programs through our website, and this password will be used to allow your student to use the Programs. Your password should be kept confidential. Your password will also allow you to review and change the information we collect about you and your student or students. 

**8\. Protecting your information.**  
No data transmissions over the internet (or elsewhere) can be guaranteed to be 100% secure. Consequently, we cannot ensure or warrant the security of any information you transmit (or otherwise provide) to us and you do so at your own risk. Zearn has multiple security measures in place to protect the loss, misuse or alteration of information under our control. Please note that this Program is hosted in the United States. If you are visiting from the European Union or other regions with laws governing data collection and use that may differ from U.S. law, please note that you are transferring your personal data to the United States, which does not have the same data protection laws as the EU or other regions and by providing your personal data you consent to the use of your personal data for the uses identified above in accordance with this Privacy Policy; and the transfer of your personal data to the United States as indicated above. 

**9\. Mobile Apps titled Impoppable**  
Zearn may offer one or more mobile applications titled Impoppable (collectively, “Mobile Apps titled Impoppable”) via various platforms or operating system providers (e.g., Apple App Store) that can be used in conjunction with a smartphone, tablet and/or other devices (each a “Device”). [Note: The web apps that Zearn offers are Programs; they are not Mobile Apps titled Impoppable.] This Paragraph 9 describes the specific privacy-related practices that apply to our Mobile Apps titled Impoppable. 

**A. Information collected (and not collected) by Zearn.**  
In order for a student (or other person) to participate in a game or other activity via a Mobile App titled Impoppable, a person must download the Mobile App titled Impoppable to his/her Device. Upon downloading a Mobile App titled Impoppable, a user identification will be created by the platform operator that is associated with that installation (“User ID”). When a person participates in an activity via the Mobile App titled Impoppable (e.g., plays a game or creates a Username (as defined below)), Zearn will automatically collect information about that person’s patterns of usage, session data, and other information relating to usage and choices (which includes “Mobile Performance Data” as defined in the following paragraph) as well as the type of platform and type of Device, all based on the User ID. We call all of this information “Mobile Participation Information.” 

We refer to the data resulting from such participation in an activity via a Mobile App titled Impoppable, which includes, but is not limited to, data on when a person starts and stops an activity, the responses a person makes to questions asked and the timing of a person’s responses as “Mobile Performance Data.” 

Once the Mobile App titled Impoppable is downloaded onto a Device, a person using the Mobile App titled Impoppable will be asked to provide a username (“Username”) of his/her choice in order to play a game or initiate another activity. Multiple Usernames may be created so that multiple users can use the Mobile App titled Impoppable on a single Device. Zearn will not have access to any Usernames and, therefore, does not collect or use Usernames in any way. Also, Zearn does not associate a given User ID with any Username(s). Except for Mobile Participation Information (which includes Mobile Performance Data), Zearn does not collect other information from persons using a Mobile App titled Impoppable. For example, Zearn does not collect a user’s email address, phone number, email address, friends list or geolocation through any means including, but not limited to, the User ID. 

**B. How Zearn will use the information collected via Mobile Apps titled Impoppable (including sharing of information with third parties)**  
Mobile Participation Information will be collected for administrative, client care, marketing, development, and other operational and business purposes, including improvements to the Mobile Apps titled Impoppable by Zearn. We will use Mobile Performance Data to (1) measure your student’s performance in a Mobile App titled Impoppable and to adapt the Mobile App titled Impoppable to his or her learning needs, and (2) improve the Mobile App(s) titled Impoppable. In addition, we may aggregate a student’s Mobile Performance Data with the Mobile Performance Data of other students using a Mobile App(s) titled Impoppable (or participating in a Program(s)) for marketing and other business related purposes. Aggregate information will be ANONYMOUS. As indicated in, and subject to, Paragraph 10, we may share information collected via Mobile Apps titled Impoppable with third parties. 

**10\. Your information and third parties**  
Except as provided in this Privacy Policy, Zearn WILL NOT disclose the information that it obtains from you to third parties without your express written permission, or where we believe, in good faith, that the law requires us to disclose the information. Zearn WILL NOT sell, trade, or assign any unaggregated personal information that it collects to third parties outside of Zearn. We, however, may aggregate the information that we collect from users of our website and/or Mobile Apps titled Impoppable to create demographic profiles and/or performance profiles regarding the progress of students who use the Programs and/or Mobile Apps titled Impoppable. Zearn may share aggregated information with advertisers, marketing professionals, or potential investors. This aggregated information will be compiled and reported in the form of ANONYMOUS group statistics only. In addition, in order to offer and improve the Programs, Zearn may share Registration Information about the parents, legal guardians, and school officials that register to participate in the Programs, along with such registrants’ Participation History, to contractual business partners of Zearn that are directly involved in the sale, distribution, operation, maintenance, and support of the Programs on behalf of Zearn. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary, as Zearn continues to develop its business, it might sell some or all of its assets. In such transactions, customer information is generally one of the transferred business assets. An acquiring company would be required to protect all information that Zearn collects from users of our website, Programs and Mobile Apps titled Impoppable in accordance with the terms of this Privacy Policy. 

**11\. Unsolicited third-party promotional emails**  
Zearn will not send you unsolicited third-party promotional emails. 

**12\. Use of cookies**  
As a standard practice, Zearn uses “cookies”. A cookie is a small amount of data sent to your browser from our web server and stored on your computer, then sent back to the server by your browser each time you access our website. Cookies enable us to track usage of our website. In addition, cookies are required for the operation of the Programs. Please note that if you refuse the Zearn cookie (by turning cookies off in your browser or by clicking “don’t accept” if you have set your browser to warn you before accepting cookies), our Programs will not work. Cookies cannot be used to gather personal information from your computer. 

**13\. Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act**  
Congress has enacted a law called the Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act of 1998 (COPPA) which is designed to protect children’s privacy during use of the Internet. Zearn has implemented practices consistent with the guidelines provided by the Federal Trade Commission to date. Zearn will never knowingly request personally identifiable information or private content from anyone under the age of 13 without parental consent. If you subscribe to our Programs, provided you are 13 years of age or older, you will be asked, at the time of registration, whether you consent to allowing users under the age of 13 to use your subscription and to be subject to this Privacy Policy. You must be the parent or legal guardian to grant such consent. If we receive this parental consent, we may receive personal information from children under the age of 13 listed on your account in order to provide our Programs and services to them. ZEARN DOES NOT SHARE CHILDREN’S PERSONALLY IDENTIFIABLE INFORMATION WITH THIRD PARTIES. If you are a parent or legal guardian of a user under 13 you may, at any time, revoke your consent to allow your student to use the Programs under your subscription, refuse to allow Zearn to further use or collect your student’s personal information, or direct Zearn to delete all identifiable information regarding your student that you have provided. To do so, please contact us at the contact information below. However, if you do any of the foregoing, your student will not be able to use the Programs. If you would like more information about COPPA, please go to http://www.ftc.gov/ogc/coppa1.htm. 

**14\. The Children’s Internet Protection Act**  
The Children’s Internet Protection Act (CIPA) is a federal law enacted by Congress in December 2000 to address concerns about access to offensive content over the Internet on school and library computers. CIPA imposes certain types of requirements on any school or library that receives funding support for Internet access or internal connections from the “E-rate” program — a program that makes certain technology more affordable for eligible schools and libraries. Our Programs do not provide links to external resources or chat rooms, and do not contain any offensive or inappropriate matter. As a result, any school or library that uses Zearn Programs will be fully compliant with CIPA. If you would like more information about CIPA, please go to http://www.fcc.gov/cgb/consumerfacts/cipa.html. 

**15\. The Family Educational Rights and Privacy Act**  
The Family Educational Rights and Privacy Act (FERPA) is a Federal law that protects the privacy of student education records. The law applies to all schools that receive funds under an applicable program of the U.S. Department of Education. FERPA gives parents certain rights with respect to their children’s education records. These rights transfer to the student when he or she reaches the age of 18 or attends a school beyond the high school level. Zearn is fully compliant with FERPA. Specifically: Any sensitive online information is transmitted over secure channels. All student data are stored in ways that are not publicly accessible. Zearn does not share student information with any third parties. If a school requests that student data should be sent to a third party, with parental consent, Zearn would send the data to the school and never directly to the third party. If you would like more information about FERPA, please go to http://www.ed.gov/policy/gen/guid/fpco/ferpa/index.html. 

**16\. Amendments**  
Zearn may amend this Privacy Policy from time to time. We will notify you by email regarding any material changes to our privacy and security practices. Please review all revisions to the Privacy Policy. Your continued use of our website(s) and the Programs after the date Zearn has emailed such notices will be deemed to be your agreement to the changed terms. 

**17\. Contact Us**  
If you have any questions about your privacy or security measures at Zearn, please contact us:  
Zearn, Inc.  
261 West 35th Street  
15th floor  
New York, NY 10001  
[tel: (212) 967-6071](https://web.archive.org/web/20150327120211id_/https%3A//www.zearn.org/2129676071)  
Or email us at: [support@zearn.org](mailto:support@zearn.org)
