> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the bleacherreport.com privacy policy that was archived on 2013-04-16. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20130416022856id_/http%3A//bleacherreport.com/pages/privacy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy Policy

**Privacy Policy**

Last Updated:  August 22, 2012

Welcome to Bleacher Report, the online and mobile service of Bleacher Report, Inc. (“Bleacher Report,” “we,” or “us”).  Our Privacy Policy explains how we collect, use, disclose, and protect information that applies to our Service, and your choices about the collection and use of your information.

**1.      ** ** ** **HOW WE COLLECT AND USE INFORMATION**

Capitalized terms that are not defined in this Privacy Policy have the meaning given them in our [Terms of Use](http://bleacherreport.com/pages/terms).

We collect the following types of information about you:

**a.** ** ** ** ** **Information you provide us directly:**  We ask for certain information such as your first and last name, phone number and e-mail address when you register for a Bleacher Report account, or if you correspond with us.  We may also retain any messages you send through the Service, and may collect information you provide in User Content you post to the Service, including posts from your blog.  We use this information to operate, maintain, and provide to you the features and functionality of the Service, and as further detailed below. 

**b.** ** ** ** ** **Information we may receive from third parties** : We may receive information about you from third parties. For example, if you access our websites or Service through a third-party connection or log-in, for example, through Twitter or Facebook Connect, by “following,” “liking,” adding the Bleacher Report application, linking your account to the Bleacher Report service, etc., that third party may pass certain information about your use of its service to Bleacher Report.  This information could include, but is not limited to, the user ID associated with your account (for example, your Facebook UID), an access token necessary to access that service, any information that you have permitted the third party to share with us, and any information you have made public in connection with that service, including your public profile picture, news feed, posts on your wall (including your friends’ posts on your wall), friends list, etc. You should always review, and if necessary, adjust your privacy settings on third-party websites and services before linking or connecting them to the Bleacher Report Service.  You may also unlink your third party account from the Service by adjusting your settings on the third party service.  If you unlink your third party account, we will remove the information collected about you in connection with that service.

**c.** **   ** ** ** **Finding  your friends on Bleacher Report:** ** ** If you so choose, you can find your friends on the Bleacher Report Service.  Our find friends feature allows you to choose to locate your friends either through (i) your mobile device’s contact list, or (ii) your social media site accounts (such as Twitter or Facebook). If you choose to find your friends through your mobile device’s contact list, then you provide Bleacher Report with permission to access to your contact list so that we can determine whether individuals in your contacts list are using our Service. If you choose to find your friends through social media sites, then you understand that we may access your friends list, as well as any other information that the social media service provides to us in accordance with their terms of use, privacy policy, and your account settings on those sites, so that we can determine whether individuals in your friends list or social media network are using our Service. Note that, in connection with the find friends feature, we do not retain any information contained in your mobile device’s contact list or information from social media sites about your contacts, and we do not use such information for any purpose other than to help you find and connect with your friends on Bleacher Report.

**d.** ** ** ** ** **Adding** ** ** **a  friend to a Group on Bleacher Report:** ** ** If you choose to add another User or a third party (an “invitee”) to your Group on the Bleacher Report Service, or if you share an article or other content with members of your Group, you may provide us with the invitee’s first and last name, email address, mobile telephone number, or other contact information.  We may also allow you to access contact information through (i) your mobile device’s contact list, or (ii) your social media site accounts (such as Twitter or Facebook).  If you choose to do so, then you provide Bleacher Report with permission to access to your mobile device’s contact list or your social media account friends list, as well as any other information that the social media service provides to us in accordance with their terms of use, privacy policy, and your account settings on those sites.  We will use and store the information we collect to add that invitee to your Group, to create a temporary User ID and URL to permit that invitee to access your Group, to send a Message to the invitee, and to track the success of this feature.  Unless the invitee otherwise agrees, we do not use the invitee’s contact information for marketing purposes, and we do not share such information with third parties except as described below in Sharing of Your Information.  The invitee may contact us at any time to request that we remove his or her information from our records at support@bleacherreport.com.

**e.** ** ** ** ** **Analytics information**.  We may directly collect or use third-party analytics tools to help us measure traffic and usage trends for the Service.  These tools collect information sent by your browser or mobile device as part of a web page request, including the web pages you visit, your browser add-ons, your browser’s width and height, and other information that assists us in improving the Service.  We collect and use this analytics information in aggregate form such that it cannot reasonably be manipulated to identify any particular individual user.

**f.** **    ** ** ** **Cookies information** :  When you visit the Service, we may send one or more cookies — a small text file containing a string of alphanumeric characters — to your computer that uniquely identifies your browser and lets Bleacher Report help you log in faster and enhance your navigation through the site.  A cookie may also convey information to us about how you use the Service (e.g., the pages you view, the links you click and other actions you take on the Service), and allow us or our business partners to track your usage of the Service over time. A persistent cookie remains on your hard drive after you close your browser.  Persistent cookies may be used by your browser on subsequent visits to the site.  Persistent cookies can be removed by following your web browser’s directions.  A session cookie is temporary and disappears after you close your browser.  You can reset your web browser to refuse all cookies or to indicate when a cookie is being sent.  However, some features of the Service may not function properly if the ability to accept cookies is disabled.

**g.** ** ** ** ** **Log file information** :  Log file information is automatically reported by your browser each time you access a web page.  When you use our Service, our servers automatically record certain log file information.  These server logs may include anonymous information such as your web request, Internet Protocol (“IP”) address, browser type, referring / exit pages and URLs, number of clicks and how you interact with links on the Service, domain names, landing pages, pages viewed, and other such information.

**h.** ** ** ** ** **Clear gifs/web beacons information** :  When you use the Service, we may employ clear gifs (also known as web beacons) which are used to anonymously track the online usage patterns of our Users.  In addition, we may also use clear gifs in HTML-based emails sent to our users to track which emails are opened and which links are clicked by recipients.  The information is allows for more accurate reporting and improvement of the Service.

**i.** **     ** ** ** **Device identifiers** :  When you access the Service by or through a mobile device (including but not limited to smart-phones or tablets), we may access, collect, monitor and/or remotely store one or more “device identifiers,” such as a universally unique identifier (“UUID”).  Device identifiers are small data files or similar data structures stored on or associated with your mobile device, which uniquely identify your mobile device.  A device identifier may be data stored in connection with the device hardware, data stored in connection with the device’s operating system or other software, or data sent to the device by Bleacher Report.  A device identifier may convey information to us about how you browse and use the Service.  A device identifier may remain persistently on your device, to help you log in faster and enhance your navigation through the Service.  Some features of the Service may not function properly if use or availability of device identifiers is impaired or disabled.

**j.** **    ** ** ** **Location data** :  When you access the Service by or through a mobile device, we may access, collect, monitor and/or remotely store “location data,” which may include GPS coordinates (e.g. latitude and/or longitude) or similar information regarding the location of your mobile device.  Location data may convey to us information about how you browse and use the Service.   Some features of the Service, particularly location-based services, may not function properly if use or availability of location data is impaired or disabled.

**k.** ** ** ** ** **Commercial and marketing  communications:** ** ** We use the information we collect or receive to communicate directly with you.  We may send you emails or push notifications on your mobile device containing newsletters, promotions and special offers. If you do not want to receive such email messages, you will be given the option to opt out or change your preferences.  You may opt-out of push notification messages by changing your settings on your mobile device.  We will not send you marketing communications using SMS text messages.  We also use your information to send you Service-related notices (e.g., account verification, purchase and billing confirmations and reminders, changes/updates to features of the Service, technical and security notices) to your email address or mobile device via push notification.  You may not opt out of Service-related messages. You will also be able to be “found” on Bleacher Report based on information that you provide (see “Find friends on Bleacher Report”) above.

**l.** **     ** ** ** **Use of certain service type information we collect about you:** ** ** We use or may use cookies, log file, device identifiers, location data and clear gifs information to:  (a) remember information so that you will not have to re-enter it during your visit or the next time you visit the site; (b) provide custom, personalized content and information; (c) to provide and monitor the effectiveness of our Service; (d) monitor aggregate metrics such as total number of visitors, traffic, and demographic patterns; (e) diagnose or fix technology problems; (f) help you efficiently access your information after you sign in; (g) to provide advertising  to your browser or device, and (h) automatically update the Bleacher Report application on your mobile devices. 

**2.      ** ** ** **SHARING OF YOUR INFORMATION**

We will not rent or sell your information into third parties outside Bleacher Report and its group companies (including any parent, subsidiaries and affiliates) without your consent, except as noted below:

**a.** ** ** ** ** **Who we may share your information with** : We may share your information with third-party business partners for the purpose of providing the Service to you.  Those business partners will be given limited access to your information as is reasonably necessary to deliver the Service, and we will require that such third parties comply with this Privacy Policy.

**b.** ** ** ** ** **Who you may choose to share your User Content** ** ** **with** : Any information or content that you voluntarily disclose for posting to the Service, such as User Content, becomes available to the public, as controlled by any available privacy settings.  To change your privacy settings on the Service, please change your profile settings.  Subject to your profile and privacy settings, any User Content that you voluntarily make public is searchable by other Users, including your full name and blog URL (should you provide this optional information).  In addition, Bleacher Report allows for the RSS syndication of all of its public content within the Service, and may allow third parties to access such information via the Bleacher Report application programming interface (“API”).  If you remove information that you posted to the Service, copies may remain viewable in cached and archived pages of the Service, or if other Users have copied or saved that information.

**c.** **   ** ** ** **What happens in the event of a change of control** : We may buy or sell/divest/transfer our company (including any shares in the company), or any combination of its products, services, assets and/or businesses.  Your information such as customer names and email addresses, User Content and other user information related to the Service may be among the items sold or otherwise transferred in these types of transactions.  We may also sell, assign or otherwise transfer such information in the course of corporate divestitures, mergers, acquisitions, bankruptcies, dissolutions, reorganizations, liquidations, similar transactions or proceedings involving all or a portion of the company.

**d.** ** ** ** ** **Instances where we are required to share your information** : Bleacher Report will disclose your information where required to do so by law or subpoena or if we reasonably believe that such action is necessary to (a) comply with the law and the reasonable requests of law enforcement; (b) to enforce our [Terms of Use](http://bleacherreport.com/pages/terms) or to protect the security or integrity of our Service; and/or (c) to exercise or protect the rights, property, or personal safety of Bleacher Report, our Users or others.

**e.** ** ** ** ** **Sharing certain service type information we collect about you** :  We may share certain service type information, including information obtained through tools such as cookies, log files, device identifiers, location data and clear gifs (such as anonymous usage data, referring/exit pages and URLs, platform types, number of clicks, etc.) with our third-party business partners for the purposes described in the section above on “ **How We Collect and Use Information**.”  We may also aggregate or otherwise strip data of all personally identifying characteristics and may share that aggregated, anonymized data with third parties.

**f.** **    ** ** ** **Ads on Bleacher Report** :  We may also share certain information such as your location, browser and cookie data and other data relating to your use of our Service with our business partners to deliver advertisements (“ads”) that may be of interest to you.  Bleacher Report may allow third-party ad servers or ad networks to serve advertisements on the Service.  These third-party ad servers or ad networks use technology to send, directly to your browser or mobile device, the ads and ad links that appear on the Service, and will automatically receive your IP address when they do so.  They may also use other technologies (such as cookies, JavaScript, device identifiers, location data, and clear gifs, see above) to compile information about your browser’s or device’s visits and usage patterns on the Service, and to measure the effectiveness of their ads and to personalize the advertising content.  Bleacher Report does not sell, rent, or share the information we collect directly from you or about you from third parties with these third-party ad servers or ad networks for such parties’ own marketing purposes, unless you choose in advance to have your information shared for this purpose. Additionally, you may wish to opt-out of receiving cookies by adjusting your browser settings to refuse cookies or to alert you when a cookie is placed.  See “Your Choices About Your Information” below. 

Please note that an advertiser may ask Bleacher Report to show an ad to a certain audience of Users (e.g., based on demographics or other interests).  In that situation, Bleacher Report determines the target audience and Bleacher Report serves the advertising to that audience and only provides anonymous aggregated data to the advertiser.  If you respond to such an ad, the advertiser or ad server may conclude that you fit the description of the audience they are trying to reach. 

The Bleacher Report Privacy Policy does not apply to, and we cannot control the activities of, third-party advertisers.  Please consult the respective privacy policies of such advertisers or contact such advertisers for more information.

**3.      ** ** ** **HOW WE STORE AND PROTECT YOUR INFORMATION**

**a.** ** ** ** ** **Storage and Processing** :  Your information collected through the Service may be stored and processed in the United States or any other country in which Bleacher Report or its subsidiaries, affiliates or service providers maintain facilities. Bleacher Report may transfer information that we collect about you, including personal information, to affiliated entities, or to other third parties across borders and from your country or jurisdiction to other countries or jurisdictions around the world.  If you are located in the European Union or other regions with laws governing data collection and use that may differ from U.S. law, please note that we may transfer information, including personal information, to a country and jurisdiction that does not have the same data protection laws as your jurisdiction, and you consent to the transfer of information to the U.S. or any other country in which Bleacher Report or its parent, subsidiaries, affiliates or service providers maintain facilities and the use and disclosure of information about you as described in this Privacy Policy. 

**b.** ** ** ** ** **Keeping your information safe** :  Bleacher Report cares about the security of your information, and uses commercially reasonable safeguards to preserve the integrity and security of all information collected through the Service.  To protect your privacy and security, we take reasonable steps (such as requesting a unique password) to verify your identity before granting you access to your account.  You are responsible for maintaining the secrecy of your unique password and account information (including Group hyperlinks, if applicable), and for controlling access to your email communications from Bleacher Report, at all times.  However, Bleacher Report cannot ensure or warrant the security of any information you transmit to Bleacher Report or guarantee that information on the Service may not be accessed, disclosed, altered, or destroyed.  Your privacy settings may also be affected by changes to the functionality of Bleacher Report’s distributors, such as social networks.  Bleacher Report is not responsible for the functionality or security measures of any third party.

**c.** **   ** ** ** **Compromise of information** :  In the event that any information under our control is compromised as a result of a breach of security, Bleacher Report will take reasonable steps to investigate the situation and where appropriate, notify those individuals whose information may have been compromised and take other steps, in accordance with any applicable laws and regulations.

**4.      ** ** ** **YOUR CHOICES ABOUT YOUR INFORMATION**

**a.** ** ** ** ** **You control your account information and settings** :  You may update your account information and email-communication preferences at any time by logging in to your account and changing your profile settings.  You can also stop receiving promotional email communications from us by clicking on the “unsubscribe link” provided in such communications, by sending an email message to [support@bleacherreport.com](mailto:support@bleacherreport.com), with the word "No email" in the subject field, or by sending mail to the following postal address:  

    Customer Support  
    Bleacher Report   
    153 Kearny St.  
    2nd Floor  
    San Francisco, CA 94108 

Opting out may prevent you from receiving email messages regarding updates, improvements, or offers.  You may not opt out of certain Service-related notices. 

If you no longer wish to receive Messages, you may text “STOP” to the number indicated in the Message , or e-mail us at [support](mailto:support@bleacherreport.com)[@bleacherreport.com](mailto:support@bleacherreport.com). We will use commercially reasonable efforts to promptly process all unsubscribe requests.

If you have any questions about reviewing or modifying your account information, you can contact us directly at [support@bleacherreport.com](mailto:support@bleacherreport.com).

**b.** ** ** ** ** **Opting out of collection of your information**   **for Tracking / Advertising** :  Please refer to your mobile device or browser’s technical information for instructions on how to delete and disable cookies, and other tracking/recording tools.  Depending on your type of device, it may not be possible to delete or disable tracking mechanisms on your mobile device.  Note that disabling cookies and/or other tracking tools prevents Bleacher Report or its business partners from tracking your browser’s activities in relation to the Service, and for use in targeted advertising activities by third parties.  However, doing so may disable many of the features available through the Service.  If you have any questions about opting out of the collection of cookies and other tracking/recording tools, you can contact us directly at [support@bleacherreport.com](mailto:support@bleacherreport.com).

**c.** **   ** ** ** **How long we keep your User Content** :  Following termination or deactivation of your User account, Bleacher Report may retain your profile information and User Content for a commercially reasonable time for backup, archival, or audit purposes.

**5.      ** ** ** **CHILDREN’S PRIVACY**

Bleacher Report does not knowingly collect or solicit any information from anyone under the age of 13 or knowingly allow such persons to register as Users.  The Service and its content are not directed at children under the age of 13.  If you are under 13, please do not send any information about yourself to us, including your name, address, telephone number, or email address.  In the event that we learn that we have collected personal information from a child under age 13 without verification of parental consent, we will delete that information as quickly as possible.  If you believe that we might have any information from or about a child under 13, please contact us at [support@bleacherreport.com](mailto:support@bleacherreport.com). 

**6.      ** ** ** **LINKS TO OTHER WEB SITES AND SERVICES**

We are not responsible for the practices employed by websites or services linked to or from the Service, including the information or content contained therein.  Please remember that when you use a link to go from the Service to another website, our Privacy Policy does not apply to third-party websites or services.  Your browsing and interaction on any third-party website or service, including those that have a link or advertisement on our website, are subject to that third party’s own rules and policies.  In addition, you agree that we are not responsible and we do not control over any third-parties that you authorize to access your User Content. If you are using a third-party website or service (like Facebook or Twitter) and you allow such a third-party access to you User Content you do so at your own risk.  This Privacy Policy does not apply to information we collect by other means (including offline) or from other sources other than through the Service. 

**7.       HOW TO CONTACT US**

If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy or the Service, please contact us at [support@bleacherreport.com](mailto:support@bleacherreport.com).

**8.       CHANGES TO OUR PRIVACY POLICY**

Bleacher Report may modify or update this Privacy Policy from time to time to reflect the changes in our business and practices, and so you should review this page periodically.  When we change the policy in a material manner we will let you know and update the ‘last modified’ date at the bottom of this page.  

**This privacy policy was last modified on August 22, 2012.**

   
**Questions?**  

Please e-mail [support@bleacherreport.com](mailto:support@bleacherreport.com)[.](mailto:privacy%40bleacherreport.com)

[Read the Terms of Use](http://bleacherreport.com/pages/terms)

[Read the Acceptable Use Policy](http://bleacherreport.com/pages/usepolicy)
