> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the bleach7.com privacy policy that was archived on 2006-08-25. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20060825224941id_/http%3A//bleach7.com/%3Fpage%3Dprivacypolicy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Bleach 7 - The First Source for Bleach Information, Media, News, and Fan Interaction! bleach, bleach manga, bleach anime, tv tokyo, studio perriot, bleach online, bleach fan, bleach source, bleach world, bleach media, bleach central, bleach forums, bleach site, bleach information, bleach wallpapers, bleach episodes, bleach content, bleach chapters, bleach community, bleach sitest, bleach fansite, hollows, soul cutters, online viewing manga, manga viewer, donations, anime, media, episodes, full episodes, http downloads, links, kon, ichigo, rukia, chad, sado, characters, bleach characters, bleach story, bleach introduction, bleach stuff, bleach chaos, bleach ex, bleach images, image gallery, bleach screen shots, bleach viewing, bleach, BLEACH, Bleach Talk, Bleach Portal, Bleach World, Manga-Rain, Manga Rain, MangaRain, Shinigami Scanlations, BakaFish, Baka Fish, Scans, Bleach Remix, BleachRemix, Bleach Direct Episodes, Bleach French, Bleach Talk, Bleach Box, Soul Reaper, Soul-Reaper, Bleach Web, Bleach Internet, Bleach Insider, Soul Society, Live Journal, Soul_Society, naruto, naruto manga, naruto episode, naruto pictures, naruto bittorrent, naruto game, inane, anime, anbu, aone, animeone, toriyama, masashi kishimoto, masashi, kishimoto, saiyaman, animerev, naruto, Naruto, manga, Manga, anime, Anime, naruto manga, naruto anime, torrent, bittorrent, bit torrent, download, bittorrent download, aburame, shino, aburame shino, akado, yoroi, akado yoroi, akamaru, akimichi, choji, akimichi choji, akimichi, chomaru, akimichi chomaru, ami, aoba, baiu, baki, demon, brothers, demon brothers, dosu, kinuta, dosu kinuta, ebisu, enma, gaara, of the desert, gaara of the desert, gai, gama, bunta, gamabunta, gama, kichi, gamakichi, gatou, gekkou, hayate, gekkou hayate, gemma, giichi, hagane, kotetsu, hagane kotetsu, haku, haruno, sakura, haruno sakura, hatake, kakashi, hatake kakashi, hokage, homura, hoshigaki, kisame, hoshigaki kisame, hyuga, hanabi, hyuga hanabi, hyuga, hiashi, hyuga hiashi, hyuga hinate, hyuga hizashi, hyuga neji, inari, inuzaka, kiba, inuzaka kiba, iruka, iwashi, jiraiya, kagari, kaiza, kamizuki, izumo, kamizuki izumo, kankuro, kazekage, kin, tsuchi, kin tsuchi, konohamaru, koharu, komaru, kyubi, midare, mitarashi, anko, mitarashi anko, mizukage, mizuki, momochi, zabuza, momochi zabuza, morino, ibiki, morino ibiki, mubi, nara, shikamaru, nara shikamaru, nara shikato, oboro, orochimaru, pakku, pochi, raido, rock, lee, rock lee, sarutobi, asuma, sarutobi asuma, sigure, sinobi, gashir, sinobi gashir, shizimi, suzume, tazuna, temari, tenten, ten ten, tonbo, tora, tsuchikage, tsunade, tsunami, tsurugu, misumi, tsurugu misumi, uchiha, itachi, uchiha atachi, sasuke, uchiha sasuke, itachi, uchiha itachi, uzumaki, uzumaki naruto, waraji, yakushi, yakushi kabuto, kabuto, yamanaka, ino, yamanaka ino, inoshi, yamanaka inoshi, yashamaru, yuuhi kurenai, kurenai, yuuhi, zaku, abumi, zaku abumi, zouri, episodes, full episodes, download, multimedia, screencap, screencaps, screen captures, sound, sound clip, video, video clip, summary, episode summary, summaries, episode summaries, anime, pictures, images, picture, image, message board, forum, chat, buddy icon, buddy, icon, manga, downloads, review, reviews, download, wallpaper, music, characters, character, bio, character bio, chakra, sharingan

**Bleach 7 > Privacy Policy** **Privacy Policy**

The following webpage outlines Bleach7.com's collection and use of personal information from it's users. Bleach7.com values the privacy of our members and users, we will never share any personal information of anybody who logs on to Bleach7.com with anyone. This includes your e-mail address, name, and location. Upon logging on to Bleach7.com such things as your IP address and hostname are logged for statistical and security reasons.

**Cookies**  
A cookie is a very small text file placed on your system upon logging on to Bleach7.com (and most other websites). This file serves as your identification card and is uniquely yours, and can only be read by the server that gave it to you. Cookies tell us that you have returned to a specific web page on Bleach7.com and help us track your preferences and transactional habits. The basic function of cookies is to help our server remember who you are.

**Children's Privacy**  
Bleach7.com does not knowingly collect personal data from children under the age of 13. We make reasonable efforts to prevent someone who is underage from joining as a member of Bleach7.com, and will not collect information from them. If Bleach7.com learns that a child under the age of 13 has become a member, we will close that child's account and delete any information collected about the child.

Not withstanding the foregoing, Bleach7.com may choose to retain some personal information such as the child's e-mail address as a means to prevent the child from re-registering at our website. The Children's Online Privacy Protection Act (COPPA) went into effect in April 2000, and as a result websites all over the world wide web had to change their standards to not collect any information from a child.

**Disclosing Information**  
Bleach7.com may store and disclose personal information allowed or required by applicable law or when deemed advisable by us. This means that we may make disclosures that are necessary to conform to legal and regulatory requirements or processes and to protect the rights, safety, and property of Bleach7.com, users of the Bleach7.com website, and the public.

**Security**  
At Bleach7.com we make reasonable efforts to protect personal information such as passwords and use technology such as encryption, access control procedures, firewalls, and physical security. We urge you to use a unique password with both letters and numbers to protect your account on Bleach7.com and it's affiliated websites. If others, including family, friends or other household members access and use the message board through your login credentials, you are responsible for the actions of that individual. Only in extreme cases will your account be fully terminated.

**Third Parties**  
Third Party websites may collect information from users of Bleach7.com, this information will include your IP address, hostname, and information about your system to help us serve you better. These are purely used for statistical reasons, and will not be used in any way other then that. Some programs that may collect this information include: eXTReMe Tracking, Nedstat, and Webalizer.

**Website Policy Changes**  
Bleach7.com reserves the right to change this, and any other policy located on our website at anytime without notifying our users. If you have any comments, questions, or concerns regaurding this policy, or any other policy you may send them to us at [webmaster@bleach7.com](mailto:webmaster@bleach7.com).

By continuing to access Bleach7.com and any of it's affiliated websites and files, you are expressly and impliedly agreeing to all of the terms as stated above on this document. You also hereby affirm that you are in compliance with all Federal, State and Local laws in your place of residence concerning the contents of Bleach7.com, and are also in agreeance with our [[Disclaimer](https://web.archive.org/web/20060825224941id_/http%3A//bleach7.com/%3Fpage%3Dprivacypolicy?page=legaldisclaimer.php)] and [[Terms of Use](https://web.archive.org/web/20060825224941id_/http%3A//bleach7.com/%3Fpage%3Dprivacypolicy?page=termsofuse.php)].
