> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the blendr.com privacy policy that was archived on 2012-06-11. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20120611003556id_/http%3A//blendr.com/privacy-policy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Blendr - Blendr Privacy Policy

[](https://web.archive.org/) [What is Blendr?](http://blendr.com/what-is-blendr) [Get Blendr](http://blendr.com/get-blendr) [Blog](http://blendr.com/blendr-blog) [Press](http://blendr.com/press) [Help](http://help.blendr.com/) [Contact](http://blendr.com/contact)

By accessing the website at [http://blendr.com](http://blendr.com/) (“Blendr Site”) or any Blendr mobile application (e.g., Blendr iOS or Blendr Facebook) (“Blendr App”) (collectively, the “Blendr Service”), which are provided by Blendr LLC (“Blendr”), you expressly consent to the collection, use and disclosure of your Personal Data (as defined below) in accordance with this privacy policy (“Privacy Policy”). We have prepared this Privacy Policy to describe to you our practices regarding the Personal Data we collect from users of the Blendr Service. Capitalized terms not defined in this Privacy Policy have the meanings given in our Terms of Service located at <http://blendr.com/terms-of-service>

1\. A Note About Minors. The Blendr Service is intended for users 18 years and older only. We do not intentionally gather Personal Data about visitors who are under the age of 18.  
2\. A Note To Users Outside Of The United States. Your Personal Data may be processed in the country in which it was collected and in other countries, including the United States, where laws regarding processing of Personal Data may be less stringent than the laws in your country.  
3\. Types Of Data We Collect. “Personal Data” means data that allows someone to identify or contact you, including, for example, your name, address, telephone number, e-mail address, as well as any other non-public information about you that is associated with or linked to any of the foregoing data. “Anonymous Data” means data that is not associated with or linked to your Personal Data; Anonymous Data does not, by itself, permit the identification of individual persons. We collect Personal Data and Anonymous Data as described below.  
3.1 Data You Provide to Us.  
(a) Profile. We may collect Personal Data from you, such as your photo, display name, status, relationship, looking for, ethnicity, age or date of birth, email address, password for the Blendr Services, height, weight, social network link, “Favorites”, Blocks” and any other information you voluntarily add to your profile on the Blendr App or is generated by your use of the Grindr App (“Profile Information”).  
(b) Instant Message. When you send an instant message (which may include photos or location), we will retain the message in order to sync up your Blendr App instant messages with your Facebook Blendr App instant messages or as required by the operation of the Blendr Service.  
(c) Feedback/Support. If you provide us feedback or contact us via e-mail (e.g., for support), we will collect your name and e-mail address, as well as any other content included in the e-mail, in order to send you a reply. If you contact us for support, we may also collect and retain certain technical diagnostic data, e.g., your phone model.  
(d) Mailing List. If you provide us your email address for inclusion in our mailing lists, we will collect your email address. We may email you Blendr news, software updates, the latest information on products and services, and third party offers that apply to you. You may opt out of such emails at the time of registration, or you will have the opportunity to “opt-out” by following the unsubscribe instructions provided in the e-mail you receive.  
(e)  Surveys. When you participate in one of our surveys (which may be provided by a third party service provider), we may collect additional information that you provide through the survey. If the survey is provided by our third party service provider Survey Monkey, Survey Monkey’s privacy policy applies to their collection, use and disclosure of your information. Please review their privacy policy at <http://www.surveymonkey.com/mp/policy/privacy-policy> to better understand their practices.  
(f) Message Boards. When you post messages on the message boards of the Blendr Site, when and if we add such capability, the information contained in your posting will be stored on our servers and other users will be able to see it.  
(g) Purchases. The site includes a link to purchase Blendr merchandise from our third party service provider. If you purchase such merchandise, the third party service provider’s terms of use and privacy policy apply. We currently use Spreadshirt for Blendr gear purchases. Please review their terms of service at <http://blendr.spreadshirt.com/shop/terms-and-conditions> and privacy policy at <http://blendr.spreadshirt.com/shop/privacy> to better understand their practices.  
(h) Invite a Friend. If you use the invite a friend feature on the Blendr Site, we will pre-populate your email with our invite information, but we do not store any Personal Data from you or your friend.  
(i) Partner Promotion. We may collect information you voluntarily provide when you enter into a Partner Promotion, as described below.  
(j) Other. We may also collect Personal Data at other points in the Blendr Service that state that Personal Data is being collected.  Blendr will retain Profile Information and Instant Messages in the Blendr App or on the servers for the Blendr Service, for as long as needed to provide the Blendr Service and to comply with our legal obligations, resolve disputes and enforce our agreements.

3.2 Data Collected via Technology.  
(a) Device Information. We will collect an ID that is unique to the mobile device on which you install the Blendr App (“Device ID” and “Device”, respectively). For example, if you installed the Blendr App on an Apple Device, we store your UDID. We may create a hashed version of your Device ID and use your hashed Device ID to log you into the Blendr Service. We may store your Device ID and/or your hashed Device ID with other information we collect about you, including your Profile Information and your instant message information. We will collect certain software and hardware information about your Device.  
(b) Distance Information. When you use the Blendr App, we will collect your location to determine your distance from other users (“Distance Information”) through the GPS, Wi-Fi, and/or cellular technology in your Device (e.g., iPhone, iPad, or iPod Touch) or PC. Your last known location is stored on our servers for the purpose of calculating Distance Information between you and other users.  
(c) Log Files. To make the Blendr Service more useful to you, our servers (which may be hosted by a third party service provider) or analytic partners may collect information from you, including your browser type, operating system, Internet Protocol (IP) address (a number that is automatically assigned to your computer when you use the Internet, which may vary from session to session), domain name, and/or a date/time stamp for your visit. We also use cookies and URL information to gather information regarding the date and time of your visit and the information for which you searched and which you viewed. “Cookies” are small pieces of information that a website sends to your computer’s hard drive while you are viewing a web site. We may use both session Cookies (which expire once you close your web browser) and persistent Cookies (which stay on your computer until you delete them) to provide you with a more personal and interactive experience on the Blendr Service. Persistent Cookies we place can be removed by following Internet browser help file directions. If you choose to disable Cookies, some areas or features of the Blendr Service may not work properly.  
(d) Third Parties. Our advertisers and partners may also use their own cookies. We do not control use of these cookies used by advertisers and partners and expressly disclaim responsibility for information collected through them. Additionally, be aware that advertisers and partners may also use their own clear gifs and we do not control use of these by advertisers and partners and expressly disclaim responsibility for information collected through them.  
3.3 Facebook. If you log on to the Blendr Service with your login credentials from Facebook, we may receive Personal and/or Anonymous Data about you from Facebook, in accordance with Facebook’s terms of use and privacy policy. We may add this information to the information we have already collected from you via the Blendr Service.  
4\. Use of Your Data  
4.1 General Use of Your Data. We use your Personal Data in the following ways and as described elsewhere in this Privacy Policy: (a) to identify you as a user on the Blendr Service; (b) to improve the Blendr Service; (c) to provide the services you request, including the Blendr Service; (d) to respond to your inquiries related to support, employment opportunities or other requests; (e) to send you Promotional Emails (defined below) if you opted in to receiving them at the time of registration for the Blendr Services or otherwise subsequently agreed to be included on our mailing lists; (f) to fulfill a product or service purchase; and (g) to conduct a Partner Promotion that you voluntarily entered into as described below.  
4.2 Creation of Anonymous Data. We may create Anonymous Data records from Personal Data by excluding information (such as your name) that make the data personally identifiable to you. We use this Anonymous Data to analyze request and usage patterns so that we may enhance the Blendr Service. Blendr reserves the right to use Anonymous data for any purpose and disclose Anonymous Data to third parties in its sole discretion.  
5\. Disclosure Of Your Personal Data. We disclose Personal Data and Anonymous Data, as described below (and elsewhere in this Privacy Policy).  
5.1 IMPORTANT NOTE ABOUT PROFILE INFORMATION. YOU UNDERSTAND THAT WHEN YOU USE THE BLENDR APP, AS A DEFAULT, YOUR PROFILE INFORMATION (DEFINED ABOVE) IS PUBLIC AND OTHER USERS OF THE BLENDR APP CAN SEE YOUR PROFILE INFORMATION. DO NOT INCLUDE INFORMATION IN YOUR PROFILE THAT YOU WANT TO KEEP PRIVATE. Blendr App users can use the search feature in the Blendr App to search for other users by different profile criteria, like age. Your Profile Information will be used for these searches. The Blendr App user interface may include a feature to make certain items of Profile Information non-public, in which case we will respect your selection. However, even if you choose to make non-public certain items of your Profile Information if and as permitted by the user interface, sophisticated users who use the Blendr App in an unauthorized manner may nevertheless be able to obtain this information. The Blendr App may include a feature that allows you to designate certain users as “Favorites” or “Blocked”. Generally, this designation is only viewable by you; however, sophisticated users who use the Blendr App in an unauthorized manner may be able to determine which users you have designated as Favorites or Blocked. YOU HEREBY CONSENT TO THE DISCLOSURE OF YOUR PROFILE INFORMATION AS DESCRIBED ABOVE.  
5.2 IMPORTANT NOTE ABOUT DISTANCE INFORMATION. YOU UNDERSTAND THAT WHEN YOU USE THE BLENDR APP, AS A DEFAULT, YOUR DISTANCE INFORMATION IS PUBLIC AND OTHER USERS OF THE BLENDR APP CAN SEE YOUR DISTANCE INFORMATION WITHIN YOUR PROFILE. Blendr App users can use the search feature in the Blendr App to search for other users by distance. Your Distance Information will be used for these searches. Your Distance Information is public, but the Blendr App may include a feature to hide or change the accuracy of your Distance Information, in which case we will respect your selection. However, even if you choose to hide the display of your Distance Information, sophisticated users who use the Blendr App in an unauthorized manner may nevertheless be able to determine your location. YOU HEREBY CONSENT TO THE DISCLOSURE OF YOUR DISTANCE INFORMATION AS DESCRIBED ABOVE.  
5.3 Third Parties. We may share your Device ID, Profile Information, Distance Information and demographic information with our advertising display and analytic partners. These third parties may also collect information directly from you as described in Section 3.2(d). Their privacy policy applies to their collection, use and disclosure of your information that we provide them and that they collect directly. Without limiting the foregoing, one of our many partners is Google Analytics. Google Analytics collects information anonymously and reports website trends without identifying individual visitors. Google Analytics uses its own cookie to track visitor interactions. Website owners can view a variety of reports about how visitors interact with their website so they can improve their website and how people find it. Google’s privacy policy applies to their collection, use and disclosure of your information. Please review the following links to better understand their practices: <http://www.google.com/privacy_ads.html> http:,//www.google.com/privacy.html, and <http://www.google.com/analytics/tos.html>  
. 5.4 Third Party Service Providers. We may share your Personal Data with third party service providers to: provide you with the Blendr Services; to conduct quality assurance testing; to provide technical support; and/or to provide other services to Blendr.  Except as otherwise stated in this Privacy Policy, these third party service providers are required by contract not to use your Personal Data other than to provide the services requested by Blendr.  
5.5 Facebook. If you log on to the Blendr Service with your login credentials from Facebook, we may disclose Personal and/or Anonymous Data about you to Facebook, in accordance with your instructions and/or to provide you the service you requested. Facebook’s terms of use and privacy policy applies to their collection, use and disclosure of such information.  
5.6 Partner Promotion. We may disclose information you voluntarily provide when you enter into a Partner Promotion, as described below.  
5.7 Affiliates and Acquisitions. We may share some or all of your Personal Data with our parent company, any subsidiaries, joint ventures, or other companies under a common control (collectively, “Affiliates”) in which case we will require our Affiliates to honor this Privacy Policy. If another company acquires our company, business, or our assets, that company will possess the Personal Data collected by us and will assume the rights and obligations regarding your Personal Data as described in this Privacy Policy.  
5.8 Other Disclosures. Regardless of any choices you make regarding your Personal Data (as described below), Blendr may disclose Personal Data in response to subpoenas, warrants, or court orders, or in connection with any legal process, or to comply with relevant laws; to establish or exercise our rights to defend against legal claims; if we believe it is necessary to investigate, prevent, or take action regarding illegal activities, suspected fraud, safety of person or property, violation of our policies, or as otherwise required by law.  
6\. Partner Promotions. We may offer contests, sweepstakes, or other promotions with our third party partners from time to time (“Partner Promotion”). If additional or different privacy practices govern a Partner Promotion, then we will present you the additional or different terms prior to your entering the Partner Promotion, and such terms will apply to how we collect, use and disclose the information you provide through the Partner Promotion.  
7\. Third Party Websites. When you click on a link to any other website or location, you will leave the Blendr Site and go to another site and another entity may collect Personal Data or Anonymous Data from you. We have no control over, do not review, and cannot be responsible for, these outside websites or their content. Please be aware that the terms of this Privacy Policy do not apply to these outside websites or content, or to any collection of data after you click on links to such outside websites.  
8\. Your Choices Regarding Your Personal Data; Changing Your Personal Data  
8.1 Our Promotional Emails. We may periodically send you free newsletters, surveys, offers, and other promotional materials related to Blendr and/or the Blendr Service (“Promotional Emails”) if you opted in during registration for the Blendr Service or you otherwise voluntarily provided us your email address to be included on our mailing lists. Additionally, we may send you targeted offers from third parties (“Third Party Emails”), if you opted into such emails during registration for the Blendr Services or subsequently authorized the delivery of Third Party Emails.  When you receive Promotional Emails from us, you may indicate a preference to stop receiving further Promotional Emails from us and you will have the opportunity to “opt-out” by following the unsubscribe instructions provided in the e-mail you receive. Despite your indicated e-mail preferences, we may send you service related communication, including notices of any updates to our Terms of Service or Privacy Policy.  
8.2 Apple. If you are using the Blendr App on an Apple iOS4 device, Apple Inc.’s iAd network states that users may opt out of behavioral targeting by visiting [http://oo.apple.com](http://oo.apple.com/) from your iOS4 device.  
8.3 Changes to your Personal Data. You may change certain fields of your Profile Information by editing your profile in the Blendr App. You may request deletion of your Personal Data by us, but please note that we may be legally required to keep this information and not delete it (or to keep this information for a certain time, in which case we will comply with your deletion request only after we have fulfilled such requirements). When we delete any information, it will be deleted from the active database, but may remain in our archives. We may keep your Device ID, hashed Device ID, and your usage history (which includes a history of text or photos that have been censored, bans, as well as a history of profile photos uploaded) for administrative purposes.  
9\. Security Of Your Personal Data. Blendr is committed to protecting the security of your Personal Data from unauthorized access, use, or disclosure. We use a variety of industry-standard security technologies and procedures to help protect your Personal Data from unauthorized access, use, or disclosure. No method of transmission over the Internet, or method of electronic storage, is 100 percent secure, however. Therefore, while Blendr uses reasonable efforts to protect your Personal Data from unauthorized access, use, or disclosure, Blendr cannot guarantee its absolute security.  
10\. Contact Information. Blendr welcomes your comments or questions regarding this Privacy Policy. Please contact us at the following:  
[help@blendr.com](mailto:help@blendr.com)  
Mailing Address:  
Blendr LLC  
6725 W Sunset Blvd, Ste 430  
Los Angeles CA 90028

11\. Changes To This Privacy Policy. This Privacy Policy is subject to occasional revision, and if we make any material changes in the way we use your Personal Data, we will notify you by sending you an e-mail to the last e-mail address you provided to us (if any) and/or by prominently posting notice of the changes on the Blendr Service. Any changes to this Privacy Policy will be effective upon the earlier of thirty (30) calendar days following our dispatch of an e-mail notice to you or thirty (30) calendar days following our posting of notice of the changes on the Blendr Service. These changes will be effective immediately for new users of the Blendr Service. If the last e-mail address that you provided us is not valid, or for any reason is not capable of delivering to you the notice described above, our dispatch of the e-mail containing such notice will nonetheless constitute effective notice of the changes described in the notice. In any event, changes to this Privacy Policy may affect our use of Personal Data that you provided us prior to our notification to you of the changes. If you do not wish to permit changes in our use of your Personal Data, you must notify us prior to the effective date of the changes that you wish to cease using the Blendr Service. Continued use of the Blendr Service, following notice of such changes shall indicate your acknowledgement of such changes and agreement to be bound by the terms and conditions of such changes.

###  (Revised 5.18.12)
