> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the sothebys.com privacy policy that was archived on 2008-11-05. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20081105054119id_/http%3A//www.sothebys.com/about/as_privacy.html) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Sotheby's - Services & Information - Privacy Policy

**Purpose**  
Your privacy is a serious matter to us. In order to make your visits to our Web Site and use of the services available through our Web Site as worthwhile as possible, we may ask you for Personal Information and we may collect certain information from you and your computer (about you and your interaction with the Web Site) each time you visit us. **"Personal Information"** includes, for example, your name; title; home and/or business address; e-mail address; home and/or business telephone, wireless and/or fax number; credit card and other payment information; demographic information; art interests or preferences, art purchases, auction activity and bidding history, paddle numbers, bidding amounts, payment history; and/or other information that may identify you as an individual or allow online or offline contact with you as an individual. This Privacy Policy explains, in general, what Personal Information and other information is collected on our Web Site, how the information is used, and with whom we may share such information. Please take a few minutes to read our Privacy Policy so that you understand how Sotheby's treats your information. 

**Right to Opt In and Opt Out**  
You have the right to "opt in" and "opt out" of certain of our uses of your Personal Information. For example, at the time you are requested to provide Personal Information on this Web Site, you may have the opportunity to elect to, or not to: (1) receive correspondence from us (either on our behalf or on behalf of a third party), or (2) have your Personal Information shared with other entities (outside of The Sotheby's Group) for their marketing purposes. You may also make this request by visiting our marketing preferences [Web page](https://web.archive.org/app/account/accountDetails.do?dispatch=showAuctionAlerts), or by sending us an e-mail to [opt-out@sothebyshelp.com](mailto:opt-out@sothebyshelp.com). In this e-mail, please say whether: (i) you would like to opt out of receiving promotional correspondence from Sotheby's in general, or just via e-mail or postal mail, (ii) you would only like to opt out of certain of Sotheby's mailings, e-newsletters, e-mail alerts or other correspondence, and if so which ones, and/or (iii) you would like to elect for us not to share your Personal Information with third parties outside of The Sotheby's Group for their marketing purposes. You may also opt-out of Sotheby's promotional e-mails by clicking on an opt-out link within the e-mail you receive, or of Sotheby's postal mailings by following the directions in such mailings.

Please understand that if you opt-out of receiving promotional correspondence from us, we may still contact you in connection with your relationship, activities, transactions and communications with us (including, for example and without limitation, alerts, tracked lots, wishlists and condition reports, in connection with your use of mySothebys (as defined above)). You may control how you receive such non-promotional correspondence from us by updating your account preferences. Also, a request to have us stop sharing your Personal Information with other entities for marketing purposes will only apply as of your request, and we will not be responsible for any communications that you may receive from entities that received your Personal Information prior to such request. In these cases, please contact that entity directly. 

| 

**Cookies**  
If you have permitted your computer to accept cookies, we may use "cookies" to keep, and sometimes track, information about you. Cookies are small data files that are sent to your browser or related software from a Web server and stored on your computer's hard drive. Cookies track where you travel on our Web Site and what you look at, transact and purchase. They may store the information in your shopping cart, and/or your username and/or password, and we may use them to deliver specific messages to you (for example, to announce a new feature that was added since the last time you visited the Web Site). A cookie may enable us to relate your use of our Web Site to other information about you, including your Personal Information. All of these purposes serve to improve and personalize your experience on our Web Site.

Most Web browsers can be set to inform you when a cookie has been sent to you and provide you with the opportunity to refuse that cookie. Additionally, if you have a Flash player installed on your computer, your Flash player can be set to reject or delete Flash cookies. However, refusing a cookie may, in some cases, preclude you from using, or negatively impact the display or function of, the Web Site or certain areas or features of the Web Site.

**Clear GIFs**  
We may use "clear GIFs" (aka "Web beacons" or "pixel tags") or similar technologies, in the Web Site and/or in our communications with you to enable us to evaluate Web Site Usage Information about visitors to the Web Site, target campaigns, upgrade visitor information, and know whether you have visited a Web page or received a message. A clear GIF is typically a one-pixel, transparent image (although it can be a visible image as well), located on a Web page or in an e-mail or other type of message, which is retrieved from a remote site on the Internet enabling the verification of an individual's viewing or receipt of a Web page or message. A clear gif may enable us to relate your viewing or receipt of a Web page or message to other information about you, including your Personal Information.

**IP Address and Clickstream Data**  
Our server automatically collects data about your server's Internet address when you visit us. This information, known as an Internet Protocol address, or IP Address, is a number that's automatically assigned to your computer by your Internet service provider whenever you're on the Internet. When you request pages from our Web Site, our servers may log your IP Address and sometimes your domain name. Your IP Address is used to help identify you and to gather demographic information about our customers as a whole, but does not include personally identifiable information. Our server may also record the referring page that linked you to us (e.g., another Web site or a search engine); the pages you visit on this Web Site; the Web site you visit after this Web Site; the ads you see and/or click on; other information about the type of Web browser, computer, platform, related software and settings you are using; any search terms you have entered on this Web Site or a referral site; and other Web usage activity and data logged by our Web servers. We use this information for internal system administration, to help diagnose problems with our server, and to administer our Web Site. Such information may also be used to gather demographic information, such as country of origin and Internet Service Provider. We may link this information with your Personal Information.

Any or all of these activities with regard to Web Site Usage Information may be performed on our behalf by our services providers, including, for example, our analytics vendor(s) and our e-mail management partner(s). 

**How is your Personal Information used?**  
We will use the Personal Information you provide to our Web Site, for example, to respond to your requests and to provide you with our product and service offerings. For example, we will process and fulfill your orders (e.g., for catalogues), respond to your requests and inquiries and provide you with the services and features offered on or through our Web Site. We may also use your Personal Information to maintain our internal record keeping. We may also report information about your account to credit bureaus. Late payments, missed payments, or other defaults on your account may be reflected in your credit report. We may match information collected from you through different means or at different times, including both Personal Information and Web Site Usage Information, and use such information along with information obtained from other sources, including third parties. We also may compare your contact information to data in our worldwide databases in order to improve our Web Site and marketing. Also, advertisements and other content displayed to you on the Web Site may be customized to your interests and preferences, based on your Personal Information and Web Site Usage Information, including (but not limited to) non-personally identifying information, which we may obtain from you or from other sources.

In addition, we may use your Personal Information to send you notices about, or invitations to upcoming events in the collecting area in which you've made a purchase (for example, in the form of e-mails, mailings, and the like), and to otherwise correspond with you, about products, services, companies and events, sponsored by us and others, that we think might interest you. In order to alert you to the widest possible number of items and events of interest to you from our sales and events worldwide, we may share this information among our affiliates in The Sotheby's Group. For example, if you've expressed interest in Jewelry, Sotheby's may share your name with Sotheby's Institute in London so that they can alert you to upcoming lectures and events in connection with Jewelry. You may opt-out of receiving such notices from us by following the instructions in the **Right to Opt In and Opt Out** section above. 

We also may provide visitors an opportunity to receive offers from other entities (outside of The Sotheby's Group) who have services, products and offers that we think might be of interest to you. For example, if you have elected to receive notices about our jewelry sales, we might include a link to [Sotheby's International Realty](http://www.sothebysrealty.com/) or [Sotheby's Diamonds](http://www.sothebysdiamonds.com/) in the e-mails we send to you. (Please note that Sotheby's International Realty is not a member of The Sotheby's Group and that Sotheby's Diamonds is a partnership between Sotheby's and Steinmetz. Information collected on these and any other sites is subject to those sites' privacy policies.) However, we will not transfer your contact information to any unaffiliated third party for the third party's marketing purposes unless you expressly direct us to do so. If you change your mind and no longer want to receive third party promotions, follow the instructions to opt out in the **Right to Opt In and Opt Out** section above.

We may analyze user behavior as a measure of interest in, and use of, our Web Site and e-mails, both on an individual basis and in the aggregate. 

**Do we share Personal Information and Web Site Usage Information with others?**  
Sotheby's does not sell, lease or give your Personal Information to any other company, unless otherwise stated herein.

**Call Center**  
Certain Personal Information is only available to certain Sotheby's employees and to Sotheby's third party call center and other service providers, as set forth below. The third party call center is required to keep all sensitive information about you and your use of our Web Site confidential. The call center is required to use your information solely in order to help you with registration or sign-in problems and other services.

**Service Providers**  
We may use third party partners to help operate our Web Site and deliver our products and Services, and may share your information with our affiliates, service providers and other third parties that provide products or Services for or through this Web Site or for our business (such as Web site or database hosting companies, address list hosting companies, e-mail service providers, analytics companies, distribution companies, fulfillment companies, and other similar service providers that use such information on our behalf). For example, Sotheby's may use a reputable third-party company to manage its e-mail campaigns. This e-mail management partner is obligated to protect your confidential information. For more information about our current third-party email partner, [please click here](http://www.silverpop.com/). 

**Artnet (Past Sales Results)**  
For certain sales, we have incorporated a link on our catalogue pages to a third party web site, artnet.com. Users of this service may be required to provide us with certain Personal Information such as an e-mail address. Then we may use a cookie to remember you as a registered user and to track what you browse. We use this information to refine our Web Site, notify you of properties and invite you to events that may be of interest to you. You may request that we do not send any such notices or invitations to you by following the instructions in the **Right to Opt In and Opt Out** section above.

Subject to your consent, we have agreed to share names and e-mail addresses provided to us for use of the Artnet feature with Artnet. Artnet is obligated to protect your confidential information and to only use this information to invite you, no more than twice, to use Artnet's other services. Click here to see Artnet's [privacy policy](https://web.archive.org/about/as_privacy.html). You may request that we do not share your name and e-mail address with Artnet by following the instructions in the **Right to Opt In and Opt Out** section above.

**Aggregate Statistics**  
We may disclose aggregate statistics regarding user behavior as a measure of interest in, and use of, our Web Site and e-mails to third parties in the form of aggregate data, such as overall patterns or demographic reports that do not describe or identify any individual user.

**Legally Compelled Disclosures**  
We may disclose user information to government authorities, and to other third parties when compelled to do so by government authorities, at our discretion, or otherwise as required or permitted by law, including but not limited to in response to court orders and subpoenas. We also may disclose user information in connection with investigations or when we have reason to believe that someone is causing injury to or interference with our rights or property, other users of the Web Site, or anyone else that could be harmed by such activities. 

**Business Transfer**  
Sotheby's regards its databases of customer information (which will include your Personal Information) as a valuable asset. In the event that Sotheby's, any entity of The Sotheby's Group, or substantially all of its or their assets, are acquired by one or more third parties as a result of an acquisition, merger, sale, reorganization, consolidation or liquidation, such databases containing Personal Information may be one of the transferred assets. In addition, such a transfer may mean that your Personal Information is transferred to countries outside the European Economic Area ("EEA"). In using the Services you consent to such transfer of your Personal Information.

**Wireless Addresses**  
If the email address you provide to us is a wireless email address, and you have elected to receive promotional messages from Sotheby's, you agree to receive messages at such address from us, unless and until you have elected not to receive such messages by following the instructions in the Right to Opt In and Opt Out section above. You understand that your wireless carrier's standard rates apply to these messages, and that you may change your mind at any time by following the instructions in the **Right to Opt In and Opt Out** section above. You represent that you are the owner or authorised user of the wireless device on which messages will be received, and that you are authorised to approve the applicable charges. 

**Your Access Rights**  
You may review and edit the Personal Information that is stored in your user account on this Web Site (e.g., your passwords and other contact information) by visiting a "My Profile" or similar area of your account on this Web Site or by e-mailing [onlineprivacy@sothebyshelp.com](https://web.archive.org/web/20081105054119id_/http%3A//www.sothebys.com/about/onlineprivacy@sothebyshelp.com). We will send you a copy of the Personal Information we have on file in your user account (if any). You may send us new or updated information at any time. For example, clients may change their passwords and validation reminder at any time. We will endeavor to respond to your request to access, update or delete your information as soon as practicable. Before we are able to provide you with any information, correct any inaccuracies or delete any information, however, we may ask you to verify your identity and to provide other details to help us to respond to your request.

**Security**  
Sotheby's will take reasonable steps to protect the security and integrity of all Personal Information provided to this Web Site, including making your sensitive information available to our employees and agents on a need-to-know basis. However, due to the inherent nature of the Internet as an open global communications vehicle, we cannot guarantee that information, during transmission through the Internet or while stored on our system or otherwise in our care, will be absolutely safe from intrusion by others, such as hackers. 

If you contact us by e-mail or a "contact us" or similar feature on our Web Site, you should be aware that your transmission might not be secure. A third party could view information you send by these methods in transit. 

You may be able to create an account on our Web Site with a username and password. Passwords are encrypted and Sotheby's policies preclude access to passwords by anyone at Sotheby's or its service providers except on a need-to-know basis. If you do create a username and password, you are responsible for maintaining the strict confidentiality of your account password, and you shall be responsible for any access to or use of the Web Site by you or any person or entity using your password, whether or not such access or use has been authorised by or on behalf of you, and whether or not such person or entity is your employee or agent. You agree to (a) immediately notify Sotheby's of any unauthorised use of your password or account or any other breach of security, and (b) ensure that you exit from your account at the end of each session. It is your sole responsibility to control the dissemination and use of your password, control access to and use of your account, and notify Sotheby's when you desire to cancel your account on this Web Site. We will not be responsible or liable for any loss or damage arising from your failure to comply with this provision.

We will have no liability for disclosure of your information due to errors or unauthorised acts of third parties during or after transmission.

In the unlikely event that we believe that the security of your Personal Information in our possession or control may have been compromised, we may seek to notify you of that development. If a notification is appropriate, we would endeavor to do so as promptly as possible under the circumstances, and, to the extent we have your e-mail address, we may notify you by e-mail. **You consent to our use of e-mail as a means of such notification. If you prefer for us to use another method to notify you in this situation, please e-mail us at[onlineprivacy@sothebyshelp.com](mailto:onlineprivacy@sothebyshelp.com) with the alternative contact information you wish to be used.**

**Phishing**  
With identity theft a continuing problem, it has become increasingly common for unauthorised individuals to send e-mail messages to consumers, purporting to represent a legitimate company such as a bank or on-line merchant, requesting that the consumer provide personal, often sensitive information. Sometimes, the domain name of the e-mail address from which the e-mail appears to have been sent, and the domain name of the web site requesting such information, appears to be the domain name of a legitimate, trusted company. In reality, such sensitive information is received by an unauthorised individual to be used for purposes of identity theft. This illegal activity has come to be known as "phishing." 

If you receive an e-mail or other correspondence requesting that you provide any sensitive information (including your Web Site password or credit card information) via e-mail or to a web site that does not seem to be affiliated with our Web Site, or that otherwise seems suspicious to you, please do not provide such information, and report such request to us at [enquiries@sothebyshelp.com.](mailto:%20enquiries@sothebyshelp.com)

**Consent to Worldwide Transfer and Processing of Personal Data**  
Sotheby's is a global enterprise, with affiliates worldwide. When you give your personally identifiable information to Sotheby's, it will be processed by Sotheby's in all countries in which Sotheby's has affiliates. Each of these countries has different privacy laws that afford varying levels of protection for your personally identifiable information. Regardless of the laws in place in these countries, Sotheby's will treat the privacy of your information in accordance with this Privacy Policy. **By providing your personally identifiable information to Sotheby's, you consent to Sotheby's transmission to, and processing of your information in, any jurisdiction, in accordance with this Privacy Policy.**

**Third Party "Linked-To" Web Sites**  
When you are on our Web Site you may have the opportunity to visit, or link to, other sites not operated by Sotheby's, including other Web sites operated by other members of The Sotheby's Group or by unaffiliated third parties. Examples of such third party sites are artnet.com, Sotheby's International Realty, Sotheby's Institute of Art, and Sotheby's Diamonds. These sites may collect Personal Information about you. Sotheby's does not control sites that are operated by these entities and is not responsible for the information practices of these sites. This Privacy Policy does not address the information practices of those other Web sites. The Privacy Policies of Web sites operated by other members of The Sotheby's Group and other affiliated entities are located on those sites. 

**Changes to this Privacy Policy**  
Sotheby's reserves the right to change or update this Privacy Policy, or any other of our policies or practices, at any time, and will notify users of this Web Site by posting such changed or updated Privacy Policy on this page. Any changes or updates will be effective immediately upon posting to this Web Site. Under certain circumstances, we may also elect to notify you of changes or updates to our Privacy Policy by additional means, such as posting a notice on the front page of our Web Site to sending you an e-mail. 

  
If you have any questions or comments regarding our privacy practices, you may contact us at [onlineprivacy@sothebyshelp.com](https://web.archive.org/web/20081105054119id_/http%3A//www.sothebys.com/about/onlineprivacy@sothebyshelp.com). You may also send mail to us with any comments, questions or concerns at:

Sotheby's.  
1334 York Avenue  
New York, New York 10021  
Attention: Data Quality Department

**Effective Date: June 4, 2007**  

