> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the sothebysrealty.com privacy policy that was archived on 2008-06-15. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20080615151915id_/http%3A//www.sothebysrealty.com/ServicesPrivacyPolicy.aspx) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Sotheby's International Realty® | Privacy Policy

What You Should Know

We at Sotheby's International Realty Affiliates LLC. and the family of companies at Cendant Corporation, our owner, (referred to as "we," "us," or "our") recognize the importance of protecting the privacy of certain information ("Information") collected about our customers and prospective customers (referred to as "Customers," "you" or "your"). This privacy statement discloses what information we gather, how we use it, and how to correct or change it. It is our intention to give you an understanding about how we collect your Information and the use we make of it in the course of our business. 

We do not own, operate or control the Web sites of our franchisees or sales associates (collectively, “Franchisee(s)”). This Policy does not apply to a Franchisee’s Web site or to a Franchisee’s collection, use, storage and disclosure of personal information about you (“Personal Identifiable Information”). Franchisees may also use e-mail campaigns and other methods of telephone, electronic, and direct mail solicitation without our consent or knowledge, and are solely responsible for their content and methods of identifying and contacting addressees. When Personal Identifiable Information is sent by a Franchisee to us as described in this policy, it will be treated in accordance with this policy as described below. 

We gather two types of information about Customers: data that Customers provide through optional, voluntary registration on our sites; and data we gather through aggregated tracking, mainly by tallying page views throughout our sites. Such information enables us to tailor our content to fit Customers' needs better. Providing such aggregated data is essential to keeping our service free to Customers. However, be assured that we will not disclose Personal Identifiable Information to third parties without your consent, except as may be noted in this Privacy Policy or disclosed to you when the Information is submitted. 

Please note that when you submit a request through this Web site to be contacted by a Franchisee or our sales office, and/or to obtain information regarding a property listing from such Franchisee or sales office, your Personal Identifiable Information will be submitted directly to a Franchisee, and we do not control, nor are we responsible for, the use and handling of such Personal Identifiable Information by any Franchisee(s). 

How do we collect Information? 

_Optional registration_

We collect information by specifically requesting it from you. Generally this occurs when you register at a site or request information or a service. Usually, our sites and service partners use your information to operate the sites and to deliver services. Our sites also use your information to inform you about other products or services available from our affiliates and us. 

_Usage tracking_

_Use of Internet Protocol ("IP") Addresses:_

An IP address is a unique number that is automatically assigned to your computer whenever you're surfing the Internet so that your computer can be identified by the main computers, known as "Web servers," that "serve up" Web pages. We collect IP addresses for the purposes of system administration and to audit the use of our site. When Customers request pages from our sites, our servers log the Customers' IP addresses. We do not normally link IP addresses to anything personally identifiable, which means that a Customer's session will be logged, but the Customer will remain anonymous to us. We can and will use IP addresses to identify a Customer when we feel it is necessary to enforce compliance with our site terms of use or terms of service or to protect our service, site, customers or others. 

_Use Of Cookies_

What are cookies? Cookies are small pieces of information that a Web site sends to your computer for record-keeping purposes, which information is stored in a file on your computer. Cookies make Web surfing easier for you by saving your preferences so that we can use the saved information to facilitate your use of our Web site when you return to the site. Cookies do not tell us your individual identity unless you have chosen to provide it to us. We never save passwords or credit card information in cookies. The use of cookies is an industry standard, and as such, you'll find that most major Web sites use them. 

By showing how and when Customers use a site, cookies help us see which areas are popular and which are not. Many improvements and updates to the site are based on such data as total number of visitors and pages viewed. This information is most easily tracked with cookies. We use the information from cookies to provide services better tailored to our Customers' needs. Most cookies expire after a defined period of time, or you can delete your cookie file at any time. Most browsers are initially set up to accept cookies. You can reset your browser to refuse all cookies or indicate when a cookie is being sent. However, note that some parts of our services will not function properly or may be considerably slower if you refuse cookies. For example, without cookies, you will have to log into the Web site every time you use your personalized settings and/or you may have difficulty completing marketing transactions. 

We have two primary uses for cookies. First, we use them to specify a Customer's preferences. For example, Customers can specify key words across categories or markets so you don’t have to tell us repeatedly about certain features in the home you are seeking. Second, we use cookies to track Customers' Web site usage trends and patterns. This helps us understand our Customers' needs better and improve areas of services that our Customers find valuable. While both of these activities depend on the use of cookies, you have the option of disabling the cookies via your browser preferences. 

With whom do we share your Information? 

As a general rule we will not disclose any specific Personal Identifiable Information in a manner that connects you with the Personal Identifiable Information, except when we have your permission or under special circumstances, such as when we believe in good faith that the law requires it or under the circumstances described below. 

We may use third party service providers to perform services on our behalf, and we provide Personal Identifiable Information to such providers solely for the specific services that they are performing. These service providers are prohibited from using or disclosing Personal Identifiable Information for any other purpose. The following describes some of the ways that your Personal Identifiable Information may be disclosed. 

Business Partners & Sponsors: We may disclose some or all of your Personal Identifiable Information to business partners or sponsors, but this use will be specifically described to you prior to data collection or prior to transferring the data. Many promotions offer opportunities to request additional information from sponsors. By requesting more information, you give us permission to transfer your Personal Identifiable Information to the sponsor so they can fulfill your request. In many instances, only your e-mail address will be shared. If more Personal Identifiable Information will be shared with the sponsor, you will be notified prior to the transfer. 

Third Party & Aggregate Data: From time to time, you may be offered the opportunity to receive materials or special offers from third parties. If you opt to receive information from these third parties, we will (with your permission) share your name and e-mail address with such third parties. Under confidentiality agreements, we may match Personal Identifiable Information with third party data. Also, we may keep track of what portions of the Web site Customers are visiting and other Customer statistics, and aggregate this information to help us create a better experience for users of our Web site. This is all done without knowing your name or other Personal Identifiable Information in order to describe our viewers and services to prospective partners, advertisers, and other third parties, and for other lawful purposes. 

Other: Unless otherwise prohibited by law or our contractual obligations, we may also disclose Personal Identifiable Information or other information about you if required to do so by law, court order, or as requested by a governmental or law enforcement authority, or under the discovery process in litigation, investigations and prosecutions, or in special cases when we have reason to believe that disclosing this Information is necessary or advisable, including but not limited to, the following situations: to perform, maintain or enforce contracts with our Customers, Franchisees, or others; to protect our rights or property or that of our affiliates, employees, service providers, Customers or others to identify, contact or bring legal action against someone who may be violating our terms of use or terms of service, or may be causing injury to or interference (either intentionally or unintentionally) with any of our rights or property, other Customers, or anyone else. We may disclose or access account Information when we believe in good faith that the law requires it and for administrative and other purposes that we deem necessary to maintain, service, and improve our products and services. 

How can you control the usage of Information? 

Except as otherwise permitted or required by law, we will not collect, use, or disclose your Personal Identifiable Information without your consent. Generally, by providing us with your Personal Identifiable Information, you are communicating your consent to our collection, use and disclosure of such Information for the purposes for which you provided the information to us, and as described in this Policy. 

In case you change your mind or some Personal Identifiable Information changes (such as your zip code or e-mail address), we will try to provide a way to correct, update or remove the Personal Identifiable Information that you give us. We also give you the opportunity to control the communications we direct to you. We offer Customers the opportunity to "opt out" of having Personal Identifiable Information shared with parties outside of our company or our affiliated companies. If a Customer wishes to update Personal Identifiable Information or objects to any usage provided herein for any reason, he/she may update the information via the ["My Account"](http://www.sothebysrealty.com/MyAccount.aspx) interface or if he/she has problems doing that he/she may e-mail the requested change to: [realty.Webmaster@sothebysrealty.com](mailto:realty.webmaster@sothebysrealty.com). 

What happens when you link to a third party site? 

You should be aware that when you are on our sites you could hyperlink or be directed to other sites that are beyond our control and/or outside our service. For example, if you "click" on a Franchisee’s local Web site link, the "click" will transfer you off the sothebysrealty.com site. These other sites may include sites of advertisers, sponsors and partners that may use our logo as part of a co-branding agreement. These other sites may send their own cookies to Customers, collect data, or solicit Information. 

We do not control such sites, and, therefore, are not responsible for their contents or the hyperlinks or advertising they choose to place on such sites. Our inclusion of hyperlinks to these sites does not imply any endorsement of the material on such sites or any association with their operators. Our policy does not extend to anything that is inherent in the operation of the Internet, which is beyond our control. 

Once you link to a third party Web site and leave our Web Site, your interaction with these third party Web sites will no longer be governed by our Terms of Use or Privacy Policy. These third party Web sites may have separate privacy and data collection practices, and security measures. Given that we have no control over these third party Web sites, we have no responsibility or liability for the practices, policies and security measures implemented by such third parties on their Web sites. We encourage you to contact these third parties to ask questions about their terms of use, privacy practices, policies and security measures before disclosing Personal Identifiable Information on linked Web sites. 

Please keep in mind that whenever you give out information online (for example, via message boards or chat) that information can be collected and used by people you don't know. While we strive to protect our Customers' information and privacy, we cannot guarantee the security of any information you disclose online, and you disclose such information at your own risk. 

Transborder Transfers of Information 

Information (including Personal Identifiable Information) that you submit to us through our Web site will be collected and processed by us and/or our service providers at our facilities located in the United States. Therefore, by browsing our Web site and communicating electronically with us, you acknowledge and agree to our continued practice of collecting and processing of your Personal Identifiable Information in this manner. 

Is your Information secure from others using our site? 

The security of all Information associated with our Customers is an important concern to us. We exercise reasonable care in providing secure transmission of your information from your computer to our servers. Unfortunately, given that we do not control transmissions or traffic over the Internet or through third party communication service providers, we cannot guarantee or warrant the security of such transmissions of your Information, and we have no responsibility or liability in connection with such transmissions. As a result, while we strive to protect your information, we can't ensure or warrant the security of any information you transmit to us or from our online products or services, and you do so at your own risk. Once we receive your transmission, we use industry standard efforts designed to safeguard your Information, such as firewalls and secure socket layers. 

YOUR ACCEPTANCE OF THESE TERMS 

By using this site, you signify your agreement to our Privacy Policy. **IF YOU DO NOT AGREE WITH THIS POLICY, PLEASE DO NOT USE THIS SITE**. We reserve the right, in our sole discretion, to modify, alter or otherwise update this Privacy Policy (“Revised Policy”) at any time without prior notice. Such Revised Policy shall be effective immediately upon posting, and shall govern your rights and our obligations with respect to the use, disclosure and protection of your Information as of such posting. You should check this Policy periodically for, and read carefully, any such Revised Policy if you are concerned about how your Information will be used and before continuing on with your use of this Web Site. Your continued use of this Web Site following the posting of such Revised Policy signifies your agreement with such Revised Policy. 
