> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the devdactic.com privacy policy that was archived on 2019-04-05. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20190405125033id_/https%3A//devdactic.com/privacy-policy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy Policy

  
We take your privacy seriously. This policy describes what personal information we collect and how we use it. (This privacy policy is applicable to websites falling under the primary holder [http://www.devdactic.com](https://www.devdactic.com/ "Devdactic"))

This website uses Google Analytics, a web analytics service provided by Google, Inc. (“Google”). Google Analytics uses “cookies”, which are text files placed on your computer, to help the website analyze how users use the site. The information generated by the cookie about your use of the website will be transmitted to and stored by Google on servers in the United States .

In case IP-anonymisation is activated on this website, your IP address will be truncated within the area of Member States of the European Union or other parties to the Agreement on the European Economic Area. Only in exceptional cases the whole IP address will be first transfered to a Google server in the USA and truncated there. The IP-anonymisation is active on this website.

Google will use this information on behalf of the operator of this website for the purpose of evaluating your use of the website, compiling reports on website activity for website operators and providing them other services relating to website activity and internet usage.

The IP-address, that your Browser conveys within the scope of Google Analytics, will not be associated with any other data held by Google. You may refuse the use of cookies by selecting the appropriate settings on your browser, however please note that if you do this you may not be able to use the full functionality of this website. You can also opt-out from being tracked by Google Analytics with effect for the future by downloading and installing Google Analytics Opt-out Browser Addon for your current web browser: <http://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout?hl=en>.

### Information Regarding GDPR (General Data Protection Regulation)

As of May 25, 2018 this website will comply with the [EU General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR)](https://www.eugdpr.org/). These regulations were implemented by the European Union, and apply to users of this website who reside within the European Union. These regulations provide a set of protections for the data that websites collect about you. Although these regulations only apply specifically to users from within the European Union, this website will extend the same protections to all users on this website.

Under these regulations, your rights include:

  * The right to understand what information is being collected
  * How that information is being used, and why
  * The option to opt out of any data collection, and have your personal data deleted
  * The option to receive from this website any personally identifiable information that you have supplied



The only time when personally identifiable information about you will be collected on this website is when you willingly supply it willingly. Simply accessing and viewing the pages of this website will not require you to supply any personal information, nor will you be knowingly tracked in such a way that you could be personally identified.

 **What information is being collected?**

Throughout your use of this website, types of personally identifiable information you may optionally be asked to provide are:

  * Your name
  * Your email address
  * Your website address



 **Where is the information stored?**

All personal information that is collected through this website will be stored with one of our service providers. You can find details about each of these providers later in this document.

 **Who will the information be shared with?**

Any personal data collected through this website will never be sold to any 3rd party. The only 3rd party companies that will have access to any personal data related to this website will be the data processors that are outlined below. These data processors are used solely to help facilitate the function and operation of this website.

### 3rd Party Tools This Website Uses

 **Google Analytics**

This website has enabled the IP Anonymization feature of Google Analytics. This prevents personally identifiable information from being stored on the Google Analytics servers in relation to your interactions with this website. If you would like to know more about IP Anonymization you can click here

 **ConvertKit**

This website uses ConvertKit in order to facilitate collecting email addresses and sending emails. Providing your email address is entirely optional, but if you choose to do so, it may be used to send you the following types of emails:

  * Newsletter/update emails
  * Occasional promotional emails
  * Course/sequence educational emails



This website is committed to sending content of value, and you will never be sent spam or any promotions that are not relevant. Promotional emails will be sent very infrequently, and will only ever be of products or services that we believe will be of genuine interest to you. You can be completely removed from the mailing list at any time.

Depending on your interactions with emails that you receive, or actions you take on the website, your records in ConvertKit may be “tagged” with additional information. This information may be used to indicate:

  * The types of content you wish to receive notifications about via email
  * Your responses to any surveys/polls that may be conducted (generally this is used to help determine the kind of content that is added to the website)
  * Any products you have purchased
  * Specific forms or sequences that you signed up to on the website



 **Disqus**

The comments on this website are made available through the Disqus comments system. Any personal information that you decide to supply through the comments system will be stored on their servers.

 **Your Consent**

By using our site, you consent to our websites privacy policy.

 **Changes to our Privacy Policy**

If we decide to change our privacy policy, we will post those changes on this page, and/or update the Privacy Policy modification date below.

This policy was last modified on 21/05/2018

 **Contact**  
Simon Grimm  
Klinkkampweg 30  
48165 Münster, Germany  
E-Mail: [saimon@devdactic.com](mailto:saimon@devdactic.com)

Get the free **7 day Ionic 4 Crash Course** to learn how to:

  * Get started with Ionic
  * Build a Tab Bar navigation
  * Make HTTP calls to a REST API
  * Store Data inside your app
  * Use Cordova plugins
  * Style your Ionic app



 **The course is free** , so there's nothing you can lose!
