> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the devitems.com privacy policy that was archived on 2019-07-05. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20190705205301id_/https%3A//devitems.com/privacy-policy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy Policy - Dev Items LLC

When we are saying “we”, “us”, “devitems”, it refers we run and own this devitems website.

– devitems respects other privacy and does not share your personal information with others.

– We may disclose your personal information to our sellers or service providers, lawyers, accountants (if need).

– You can change your personal information any time from your profile edit page.

– You need to save your username & password with your own responsibility.

– If we make any change to our privacy policy then we will post on this page.

**COOKIE POLICY:**  
In order to provide the Service through the Site the Provider uses cookies and web log files (anonymous information such as the time of visit on Site, IP address, URL, browser, etc.) to track the use of the Site and recognize client as a Client when he/she returns to the Site using the same computer and web browser.

“Cookies” are short pieces of data generated by a web server that a website stores on a user’s computer.

The types of cookies that the Provider uses are referred to as “session” cookies and “persistent” cookies. Session cookies are temporary and are automatically deleted once the Client leaves the Site. Session cookies are used to identify a particular visit to the Site. Persistent cookies are set once the Client has logged in to her/his account. The next time the Client visits the Site, the persistent cookie will allow the Provider to recognize him/her as a registered Client, thus the Client will not need to log in before using the Site. Additionally, if the Client logs out of his/her account he/she will need to re-enter her/his password the next time in order to log in to his/her account. Persistent cookies remain on Client’s computer hard drive until they are deleted.

**Cookies are used to:**

track affiliates,  
identify and categorize the internet web pages from which the visitor came to the Site and observe the browsing patterns,  
provide functionality such as online orders,  
to cache orders,  
to store analytics about Client’s behavior on the site.  
The Provider uses third-party services to analyze the use of the Site for statistical purposes (anonymous data about visits, such as the number of visits, country, browser, time of visit, etc). The Provider and it’s service providers use these log files, tags, and tracking technologies to collect and analyze certain kinds of technical information, including:

IP addresses;  
the type of computer or mobile device used by a Client;  
operating system version;  
mobile device’s identifiers, like MAC Address, Identifier For Advertising (IDFA), and/or International Mobile Equipment Identity (IMEI);  
browser types;  
browser language;  
referring and exit pages, and URLs;  
platform type;  
the number of clicks on a page or feature;  
domain names;  
landing pages;  
pages viewed and the order of those pages;  
the amount of time spent on particular pages;  
The web logan files are stored indefinitely as an auxiliary material used to administer the Site. The information contained in them is not disclosed to anyone other than persons authorized by the Provider.

If the Client does not accept cookies, he/she may not be able to use some portions of the Site.
