> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the devrant.com privacy policy that was archived on 2019-02-19. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20190219143724id_/https%3A//devrant.com/privacy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# devRant - Privacy Policy

### Last Updated: March 14, 2016

This Privacy Policy (“Policy”) describes how and when devRant collects, uses and shares your information when you use our Services. devRant receives your information through our various websites, SMS, APIs, email notifications, applications, buttons, widgets, ads, commerce services (the “devRant Services”), and our other covered services that link to this Policy (collectively, the “Services”) and from our partners and other third parties. For example, you send us information when you use our Services on the web, or from an application such as devRant for iOS, or devRant for Android. When using any of our Services you consent to the collection, transfer, storage, disclosure, and use of your information as described in this Privacy Policy. 

Your information is controlled by Hexical Labs LLC, the makers of devRant. Irrespective of which country you reside in or supply information from, you authorize devRant to use your information in the United States, and any other country where devRant operates. 

If you have any questions or comments about this Privacy Policy, please contact us at info@devRant.io. 

## Information Collection and Use

Tip: We collect and use your information below to provide our Services and to measure and improve them over time. 

**Basic Account Information:** When you create or reconfigure an account, you provide some personal information, such as your username, password, email address, or phone number. On the devRant Services, your username is listed publicly, including on your profile page and in search results, and you can use either your real name or a pseudonym. Some devRant Services, such as searching and viewing public user profiles, do not require registration. 

**Contact Information:** You may use your contact information, such as your email address or phone number, to customize your account or enable Services, for example, for login verification. If you provide devRant with your phone number, you agree to receive text messages to that number from devRant. We may use your contact information to send you information about our Services, to market to you, to help prevent spam, fraud, or abuse, and to help others find your account, including through third-party services and client applications. You may use your settings for email and mobile notifications to control notifications you receive from the devRant Services. You may also unsubscribe from a notification by following the instructions contained within the notification or the instructions on our website. 

**Additional Information:** You may provide us with profile information to make public on the devRant Services, such as a short biography, your skills, or your location. If you email us, we may keep your message, email address and contact information to respond to your request. If you connect your account on our Services to your account on another service in order to cross-post between our Services and that service, the other service may send us your registration or profile information on that service and other information that you authorize. This information enables cross-posting, helps us improve the Services, and is deleted from our Services within a few weeks of your disconnecting from our Services your account on the other service. Providing the additional information described in this section is entirely optional. 

**Rants, Comments, Voting and other Public Information:** Our Services are primarily designed to help you share information with the world. Most of the information you provide us through the devRant Services is information you are asking us to make public. Your public information includes the Rants you post; the metadata provided with Rants, such as when you Ranted and the client application you used to Rant; the language, country, and time zone associated with your account; and the comments you post, Rants and comments you vote as ++ or --, and many other bits of information that result from your use of the devRant Services. We may use this information to make inferences, like what topics you may be interested in, and to customize the content we show you, including ads. Our default is almost always to make the information you provide through the devRant Services public for as long as you do not delete it. The devRant Services broadly and instantly disseminate your public information to a wide range of users, customers, and services. For instance, your public user profile information and public Rants are delivered to our partners and other third parties, including search engines. When you share information or content like photos, videos, and links via the Services, you should think carefully about what you are making public. 

**Location Information:** devRant may receive information about your location. For example, you may choose to publish your location in your Rants and in your devRant profile. We may also determine location by using other data from your device, such as precise location information from GPS, information about wireless networks or cell towers near your mobile device, or your IP address. We may use and store information about your location to provide features of our Services, such as Ranting with your location, and to improve and customize the Services, for example, with more relevant content like local trends, stories, ads, and suggestions for people to follow. 

**Links:** devRant may keep track of how you interact with links across our Services, including our email notifications, third-party services, and client applications, by redirecting clicks or through other means. We do this to help improve our Services, to provide more relevant advertising, and to be able to share aggregate click statistics such as how many times a particular link was clicked on. 

**Cookies:** Like many websites, we use cookies and similar technologies to collect additional website usage data and to improve our Services, but we do not require cookies for many parts of our Services such as searching and looking at public user profiles. A cookie is a small data file that is transferred to your computer or mobile device. devRant may use both session cookies and persistent cookies to better understand how you interact with our Services, to monitor aggregate usage by our users and web traffic routing on our Services, and to customize and improve our Services. Most Internet browsers automatically accept cookies. You can instruct your browser, by changing its settings, to stop accepting cookies or to prompt you before accepting a cookie from the websites you visit. However, some Services may not function properly if you disable cookies. 

**Log Data:** When you use our Services, we may receive information (“Log Data”) such as your IP address, browser type, operating system, the referring web page, pages visited, location, your mobile carrier, device information (including device and application IDs), search terms, and cookie information. We receive Log Data when you interact with our Services, for example, when you visit our websites, sign into our Services, interact with our email notifications, use your account to authenticate to a third-party website or application, or visit a third-party website that includes a devRant button or widget. We may also receive Log Data when you click on, view or interact with links on our Services, including links to third-party applications, such as when you choose to install another application through devRant. devRant uses Log Data to provide, understand, and improve our Services, to make inferences, like what topics you may be interested in, and to customize the content we show you, including ads. 

**Third-Parties and Affiliates:** devRant uses a variety of third-party services to help provide our Services, such as hosting our various blogs and wikis, and to help us understand and improve the use of our Services, such as Google Analytics. These third-party service providers may collect information sent by your browser as part of a web page request, such as cookies or your IP address. Third-party ad partners may share information with us, like a browser cookie ID, website URL visited, mobile device ID, or cryptographic hash of a common account identifier (such as an email address), to help us measure and tailor ads. For example, this allows us to display ads about things you may have already shown interest in off of our Services. We may also receive information about you from our corporate affiliates in order to help provide, understand, and improve our Services and our affiliates’ services, including the delivery of ads. 

## Information Sharing and Disclosure

Tip: We do not disclose your private personal information except in the limited circumstances described here. 

**User Consent or Direction:** We may share or disclose your information at your direction, such as when you authorize a third-party web client or application to access your account. Other users may share or disclose information about you, such as when they mention you. 

**Service Providers:** We engage service providers to perform functions and provide services to us in the United States, and other countries. We may share your private personal information with such service providers subject to obligations consistent with this Privacy Policy and any other appropriate confidentiality and security measures, and on the condition that the third parties use your private personal data only on our behalf and pursuant to our instructions. 

**Law and Harm:** Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Policy, we may preserve or disclose your information if we believe that it is reasonably necessary to comply with a law, regulation, legal process, or governmental request; to protect the safety of any person; to address fraud, security or technical issues; or to protect devRant’s rights or property. However, nothing in this Privacy Policy is intended to limit any legal defenses or objections that you may have to a third party’s, including a government’s, request to disclose your information. 

**Business Transfers and Affiliates:** In the event that devRant is involved in a bankruptcy, merger, acquisition, reorganization or sale of assets, your information may be sold or transferred as part of that transaction. This Privacy Policy will apply to your information as transferred to the new entity. We may also disclose information about you to our corporate affiliates in order to help provide, understand, and improve our Services and our affiliates’ services, including the delivery of ads. 

**Non-Private or Non-Personal Information:** We may share or disclose your non-private, aggregated or otherwise non-personal information, such as your public user profile information, public Rants and comments, votes on your Rants or comments, or the number of users who clicked on a particular link (even if only one did), or reports to advertisers about unique users who saw or clicked on their ads after we have removed any private personal information (such as your name or contact information). 

## Accessing and Modifying Your Personal Information

If you are a registered user of our Services, we provide you with tools and account settings to access, correct, delete, or modify the personal information you provided to us and associated with your account. 

You can also permanently delete your devRant account. By navigating to "Account > Delete Account" in the application, your account can be deleted. All public activity related to your account will be deleted. Some records of your account may remain temporarily in cache even after deletion. Non-public behavioral event logs used for analytic purposes may remain as well. 

Keep in mind that search engines and other third parties may still retain copies of your public information, like your user profile information and public Rants, even after you have deleted the information from the devRant Services or deactivated your account. 

## Our Policy Towards Children

Our Services are not directed to persons under 13. If you become aware that your child has provided us with personal information without your consent, please contact us at info@devrant.io. We do not knowingly collect personal information from children under 13. If we become aware that a child under 13 has provided us with personal information, we take steps to remove such information and terminate the child’s account. 

## Changes to this Policy

We may revise this Privacy Policy from time to time. The most current version of the policy will govern our use of your information and will always be at devRant.io/privacy. If we make a change to this policy that, in our sole discretion, is material, we will notify you via a mobile notification update or email to the email address associated with your account. By continuing to access or use the Services after those changes become effective, you agree to be bound by the revised Privacy Policy. 

## Contact

Thoughts or questions about this Privacy Policy? Contact us at info@devrant.io. 
