> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the lollapalooza.com privacy policy that was archived on 2013-04-14. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20130414043838id_/http%3A//www.lollapalooza.com/privacy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy | Lollapalooza 2013 | August 2-4, 2013 : Grant Park : Chicago, IL

### LOLLAPALOOZA MUSIC FESTIVAL'S WEBSITE PRIVACY POLICY

C3 Presents, LLC ("C3") produces the Lollapalooza Music Festival (the "Festival") and manages [lollapalooza.com](http://www.lollapalooza.com/) (the "Website"). Thank you for your interest in and support of the Festival and the Website. Your privacy is very important to C3. To better protect your privacy C3 provides this notice explaining C3's online information practices and the choices you can make about the way your information is collected and used. In collecting information, C3's primary goal is to provide and improve its products and services.

This Privacy Policy describes how C3 treats information that it collects and receives related to your use of the Website. This Privacy Policy applies to all information collected or submitted on the Website. C3 is committed to protecting the privacy of the Website visitors and customers. The Website uses security measures to protect against the loss, misuse, and alteration of the information under C3's control. C3 stores the information in a database in a secure environment. To prevent unauthorized access, maintain data accuracy, and ensure the correct use of information, C3 has put in place appropriate physical, electronic, and managerial procedures to safeguard and secure the information C3 collects online.

C3 collects information when you use and access the Website. The information collected includes Personal Information, Contact Data, Message Data, and Traffic Data (collectively, "Customer Information"). "Personal Information" is information about you that is personally identifiable, like your name, address, email address, passwords, home and business addresses, phone numbers, and information that is not otherwise publicly available. "Contact Data" is contact information you've developed that you may provide to C3 to enhance your use of C3's products and services. "Message Data" includes the messages sent and received using C3 services, information about those messages, and your account activity, such as log-in times and message storage capacity. "Traffic Data" is anonymous information about the nature of your usage of the Website and products and services and can include: IP addresses, domain servers, referring/exit pages, operating system, date/time stamp, clickstream data, type of computer or mobile phone, type of web browser, one or more cookies that identify your browser, and telecommunications carrier information. C3, however, cannot guarantee the security of personal information accessible on or transmitted via the Internet.

C3 uses Customer Information to enhance your use of the C3 services by processing such information for various purposes, including providing information to you about C3's products and services, formatting and displaying elements of Contact Data and Message Data to you and to those whom you send messages, delivering advertisements and related links, storing your messages, and other purposes relating to offering you C3 products and services. C3 uses non-identifying and aggregate information to better design the Website and to share with advertisers and Festival-related affiliates and sponsors.

C3 may engage a third party to perform functions on C3's behalf, such as sending newsletters, sending requested postal mail and e-mail and SMS communications, analyzing and processing data, and providing customer service. C3 requires that these parties agree to use such information in a confidential manner and in compliance with this Privacy Policy and any other appropriate confidentiality and security measures. These third parties may have access to Personal Information needed to perform their functions, but C3 will not authorize them to use it for other purposes.

  


C3 does not disclose personal information to third parties, except when one or more of the following conditions is true:

(i) C3 has the individual's permission to make the disclosure;  
(ii) The disclosure is permitted by law or mandatory professional standards;  
(iii) The disclosure is reasonably related to the sale or other disposition of all or part of C3's business or assets or in connection with a corporate merger, consolidation, or other corporate reorganization;  
(iv) The personal information to be disclosed is publicly available;  
(v) The party to whom the disclosure is made controls, is controlled by, or is under common control with C3;  
(vi) The disclosure is reasonably necessary for the establishment or maintenance of legal claims;   
(vii) The disclosure is to persons or entities for whom C3 is providing or receiving services, provided the disclosure is consistent with the purpose for which the personal information was obtained;  
(viii) C3 may share with third parties certain aggregated, non-personal information and Traffic Data, but such information will not identify you individually;  
(ix) C3 may share Customer Information when legally required to do so or at the request of governmental authorities conducting an investigation; or  
(x) C3 may share your Customer Information with a third party if you have consented to receive information from that third party through registration from a co-branded version of the C3 service operated with a third party or through a communication or promotional program of a third party that is enabled by the C3 service. Such third parties will handle, store, retain and access such user information in accordance with the terms and conditions of their agreements with you, if any, as well as their own privacy policies. It is your responsibility to carefully review such agreements and privacy policies. You acknowledge that C3 shall have no liability to you for sharing of such information to such third parties and C3 disclaims any and all liability relating thereto.

If C3 desires to use Personal Information for any purposes other than those described in this Privacy Policy, C3 will offer you the opportunity to opt out of such use of your Personal Information for those other purposes.

When you visit the Website, C3 may send cookies to your computer that uniquely identify your browser. C3 uses cookies to improve the quality of C3's service by storing user preferences and tracking usage information. At no time does the cookie reveal your name, address, or e-mail address (even if you have entered that information in specific areas of the Website). Most browsers allow you to disable cookies or set your browser to alert you when cookies are being sent to your computer. If you reject or disable cookies, you may not be able to utilize certain C3 products and services or may not be able to access all areas of the site.

C3 limits access to Customer Information to C3 personnel who need to come into contact with that information to provide products or services to you or in order to do their jobs. C3 has physical, electronic, and procedural safeguards to protect the loss, misuse, and alteration of the Customer Information under its control. Customer Information that C3 collects is stored in a secure manner that is accessible only by authorized C3 personnel and is only disclosed under the provisions of this Privacy Policy.

Protecting the privacy of the very young is especially important. For that reason, C3 never collects or maintain information at the Website from those C3 actually knows are under 13, and no part of the Website is structured to attract anyone under 13. If C3 discovers that information was provided by a child under the age of 13, C3 will promptly delete such Personal Information in a secure manner.

As a convenience to you, C3 may provide links to third-party websites from within C3's website or C3's products or services. C3 is not responsible for the privacy practices or content of these third-party sites.

C3 reserves the right, at its discretion, to change, update or modify this Privacy Policy at any time by posting such change, update or modification on the Website. Any such change, update or modification will be effective immediately upon posting on the Website and, if required by applicable law, notice to you via the C3 service. Please check this policy periodically for changes. Your continued use of the Website and/or any C3 products and services following the posting of changes will mean you accept those changes. Use of information that C3 gathers is subject to the Privacy Policy in effect at the time of use.

If you become aware that personal information C3 maintains about you is inaccurate, or if you would like to update or review your personal information, you may contact C3 by using the contact information below. If you have any questions or comments regarding this Privacy Policy or C3's information collection practices, please contacting us at [info@lollapalooza.com](mailto:info@lollapalooza.com).
