> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the insideline.com privacy policy that was archived on 2015-12-26. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20151226074208id_/http%3A//www.edmunds.com/about/privacy.html) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy Statement

We gather certain types of information about the visitors to the Edmunds Automotive Network, and we believe our visitors should fully understand how we obtain and use that information. The Edmunds Automotive Network consists of [Edmunds.com](http://www.edmunds.com/), any other Web site that we identify as a part of the Edmunds Automotive Network, the mobile versions of our Web Sites, any apps that we offer (for example, apps available through iTunes and on Facebook), content from our Web site that we offer for display on third-party web sites or apps, and the [Edmunds Live Advice Line](https://web.archive.org/cars/live-advice-line.html).

This Privacy Statement discloses what information we gather on our Web sites and how we use it. (Accordingly, this Privacy Statement is not applicable to information that we obtain through any other business activities.)

If you have questions or concerns regarding this Privacy Statement, you should contact us though our [Contact Us](https://help.edmunds.com/anonymous_requests/new) form.

**Your Personal Information**  
The submission by you to us of personally identifiable information (e.g., your name, your street address, your e-mail address, your telephone number) is required in order for you to receive services, products or information you request from either us or companies with which we do business. (We refer to such personally identifiable information, as well as any other information that you voluntarily provide to us about yourself on the Edmunds Automotive Network that we combine with your personally identifiable information (but not your city, state or ZIP code), as your "Personal Information.") Your Personal Information will be shared between us and those companies, and may also be disclosed to other entities who work with us or those companies to fulfill your request. 

In addition, if you provide your Personal Information through the use of one of our vehicle price quote or inquiry services or dealer communication services (collectively, "Dealer Inquiry and Communication Services"), your Personal Information will be provided by us to vehicle dealers, and may also be provided by us to the manufacturers of those vehicles (and/or their affiliated entities, agents and contractors), who may use that information to contact you. Edmunds cannot control, and is not responsible for, the manner in which any of such companies or other entities use your Personal Information.

From time to time we may elect to act as an intermediary with respect to emails between those dealers and you, which would mean that emails between those dealers and you would be transmitted through us. We would act as an intermediary to shield your email address from those dealers and to gain insight into the timing and nature of those communications. Accordingly, when we elect to act as an email intermediary we would have the ability and authority to read and retain the content of those emails.

If you use the Dealer Inquiry and Communication Services to call, text or chat with a dealer, a recording of your conversation, or the chat or text communications, between you and the dealer, as well as the phone number from which you make such call or initiate such chat or text communications, will be made available both to us and any company employed by the dealers or us to implement, facilitate or monitor those communication services. When we receive that phone number, we may use it to obtain or associate additional information about you, and we may provide that additional information to that dealer and/or those other companies. In addition, that recording or that chat or text communications, that phone number and that additional information may be provided to the vehicle manufacturer who has granted a franchise agreement to that dealer (and/or its affiliated entities, agents and contractors). 

In order to become a member of the Edmunds Automotive Network you are required to provide Personal Information to us, and additional Personal Information may be provided by you — either at the time you become a member or, at your election, at any later time — as a part of your member "profile."

In certain locations on the Edmunds Automotive Network where we obtain your Personal Information we may include a "check box" (or another process) for the purpose of soliciting your consent to receive special offers and/or other information from other entities selected by us. By either "checking" the box, or leaving the check box "checked" (or otherwise providing your consent), you are choosing to receive promotional and marketing communications from those other entities, and you are consenting to our providing your Personal Information to those other entities. You may withdraw your consent by (i) if you are a member, modifying your Membership account profile, (ii) by sending a request to us through our [Contact Us](https://help.edmunds.com/anonymous_requests/new) form, or (iii) by sending us a request by mail to 1620 26th Street, Suite 400 South, Santa Monica, California 90404, attention: Customer Service. However, withdrawing your consent will not affect the rights of the other entities that previously received your Personal Information to continue to send communications to you.

In addition, we may send you communications related to our products or services or those of third parties. However, you will have the opportunity at any time to "opt-out" of receiving future promotional and marketing communications from us either (i) by following the instructions located at the bottom of any e-mail we send you, (ii) by sending a request to us through our [Contact Us](https://help.edmunds.com/anonymous_requests/new) form, or (iii) by sending us a request by mail to 1620 26th Street, Suite 400 South, Santa Monica, California 90404; attention: Customer Service.

If you do not give your consent, either in the manner described in the preceding paragraphs or in another manner, your Personal Information will not be shared by us with other entities, except as set forth above or as follows: We may disclose whatever information we may have or know about you, including your Personal Information, without first notifying you or obtaining your consent, (a) to third-party service providers who provide services to us, or who assist us to improve our data or our services or to better understand their value to our visitors or to the companies with which we do business; (b) in connection with any merger of Edmunds.com or its parent company, or any sale or other transfer of assets by Edmunds.com to another entity; or (c) to other third parties if we determine that disclosure of such information: (i) is or may be required by law or legal process, or is requested by a law enforcement agency; (ii) is or may be reasonably necessary to enforce the Edmunds Automotive Network [Membership Agreement](https://web.archive.org/about/membership-agreement.html) or [Visitor Agreement](https://web.archive.org/about/visitor-agreement.html), or to take appropriate action if a visitor is suspected or believed by us to have violated either of those agreements; or (iii) is or may be reasonably necessary to protect the rights, property or safety of our company, the Edmunds Automotive Network, our visitors or other individuals or entities. We may also disclose to third parties portions of the Edmunds Automotive Network's log files that show which "Internet service provider" a visitor has used or other visitor information. That information may enable third parties to discover, through that Internet service provider, the identity of a visitor.

We may use your Personal Information to customize or enhance your experience on the Edmunds Automotive Network (including the display of advertisements) and communications related to our products or services or those of third parties. In addition, we may use other information we may have about you (such as your IP address) or your use of the Edmunds Automotive Network (such as which pages you have visited) for those purposes and, as described below under "Edmunds Automotive Network Advertising on Third-Party Web Sites," for the purpose of facilitating the serving of targeted ads for the Edmunds Automotive Network on other Web sites.

If you are a member of the Edmunds Automotive Network we may send you certain administrative and service messages in connection with our Community Services; you cannot opt out of receiving those communications. See our [Membership Agreement](https://web.archive.org/about/membership-agreement.html).

**Your California Privacy Rights**  
Pursuant to Section 1798.83 of the California Civil Code, residents of California have the right to request from a business, with whom the California resident has an established business relationship, certain information with respect to the types of personal information the business shares with third parties for those third parties' direct marketing purposes and the identities of the third parties with whom the business has shared such information during the immediately preceding calendar year. To exercise your rights, you may make one request each year by emailing us at [GeneralCounsel@edmunds.com](mailto:GeneralCounsel@edmunds.com). Your request should specify your full name and the email address you used when submitting personal information to us. 

**Modification of Your Personally Identifiable Information**  
If any of your personally identifiable information provided as a part of becoming a member of the Edmunds Automotive Network changes, you may change that information by updating your Membership account profile. If you would like to modify or delete any personally identifiable information provided to the Edmunds Automotive Network through the use of one of our vehicle price quote or inquiry services, or otherwise, send a request to us (i) through our [Contact Us](https://help.edmunds.com/anonymous_requests/new) form or (ii) by mail to 1620 26th Street, Suite 400 South, Santa Monica, California 90404, attention: Customer Service.

**Your Zip Code and ZIP Code Cookies**  
When you visit our Web site we assign a ZIP code to you based on your IP address. Knowing your ZIP code enables us to display to you vehicle selling prices adjusted for your region, incentive and rebates that apply in your region, your vehicle's five-year True Cost to Own® for your region, and dealer listings and/or vehicle inventory specific to your region. We provide this information for ZIP codes that are within one of the 50 states or the District of Columbia, but not those in other U.S. territories or possessions or for the postal codes of Canada or other countries.

After we determine your ZIP code we serve a "cookie" to you that includes your ZIP code. ("Cookies" are described below.) That cookie permits us to recognize your ZIP code when you use our features that are ZIP code-dependent, or upon your return to our Web site. You have the opportunity to change your ZIP code at appropriate times during your visit to our Web site if you want to get information for a different ZIP code; changing your ZIP code automatically updates your ZIP code cookie.

We may share your ZIP code with third parties, including third-party advertisers that display advertisements on our Web site. 

**Other Cookies**  
"Cookies" are small data files that are written to your computer or other device through which you many access the Edmunds Automotive Network by a Web site or by third parties when you visit that Web site. A cookie file contains information such as a user ID that a site may use to track the pages you've visited. Cookies served by us don't permit us to read data from your computer or other device, or to read cookie files created by other Web sites. 

We use cookies in many ways, including the following: 

First Visits: When you first visited the Edmunds Automotive Network, we served a cookie to you. This cookie resides permanently on your computer or other device (unless you chose to delete it) and enables us to track visitor activity across our Web sites. 

Applications: Whenever you use certain applications on the Edmunds Automotive Network, we may serve a "session cookie" to you, which is a cookie that is only used by us during your use of that application. In addition, for some applications we may serve a cookie to you that has a longer expiration date. These cookies help us manage our delivery to you of application information and related content. 

Vehicle Price Quotes: In order to obtain vehicle price quotes or make a vehicle inquiry, you may be presented with a form that requests, among other items, your name and contact information. When this form is submitted by you, the information you provide is stored on our computers, so that we have a record of what we have sent to our partners. We also serve a cookie to you that encodes where on our computers that information is maintained, so that we can "pre-fill" your name and contact information for you when in the future you call up a similar form. 

Membership Registration: When you register as a member of the Edmunds Automotive Network, we use a cookie to store your registration information on your computer if you click the "Remember me" box. We use this cookie to enable you to enter the Edmunds Automotive Network as a member without having to sign in each time. 

Third-party Advertisements: Our advertisers, and the companies that facilitate the delivery of their advertisements on the Edmunds Automotive Network, set and access cookies and other tracking technologies on your computer that facilitate the delivery and administration of such advertising. Other companies' use of their cookies and other tracking technologies is subject to their own privacy policies and not this one. See "Third-Party Ad Servers" and "Self-Regulatory Program for Online Behavioral Advertising" below for additional information.

**Login via Facebook Account**  
If you use your Facebook account to log into the Edmunds Automotive Network, Facebook may collect information about your visit to the Edmunds Automotive Network. This Privacy Statement does not apply to Facebook's collection or use of that information.

**Security**  
The security of your Personal Information is important to us. We follow generally accepted industry standards to protect your Personal Information, both during transmission to us and once we receive it. However, no method of transmission over the Internet, or method of electronic storage, is 100% secure.

If you have any questions about security on the Edmunds Automotive Network, please use our [Contact Us](https://help.edmunds.com/anonymous_requests/new) form.

**Our Community Services**  
The Edmunds Automotive Network provide a number of means by which you may communicate with other visitors and with us. Many of these are the various communication and personalization tools and services that are part of our "community" (the "Community Services"). The Community Services include our Forums (the Web's most established automotive message boards), Edmunds Answers, our Dealer Ratings & Reviews and Repair Shop Ratings & Reviews, Consumer Reviews (and Ratings) of Vehicles, and comments on our articles and blogs.

In order to add content to the Edmunds Automotive Network through the Community Services, you must first become a member of the Edmunds Automotive Network and agree to our Membership Agreement. (You do not need to register in order to browse or read the content provided by our members.) The [Membership Agreement](https://web.archive.org/about/membership-agreement.html) sets forth a number of information-sharing and disclosure practices for our Community Services, and accordingly supplements this Privacy Statement.

We do not knowingly collect or solicit personal information from anyone under the age of 13 or knowingly allow such persons to become members of the Edmunds Automotive Network. If you are under 13, please do not attempt to register as a member or send any information about yourself to us. In the event that we learn that we have collected personal information from a child under age 13, we will delete that information as quickly as possible. If you believe that we might have any information from or about a child under 13, please contact us through our [Contact Us](https://help.edmunds.com/anonymous_requests/new) form.

**Visitor-Submitted Content**  
The Edmunds Automotive Network provides a number of other means by which you may communicate — with other visitors and with the Edmunds Automotive Network or our company — that do not require you to become a member of the Edmunds Automotive Network. This includes our Letters to the Editors, Compliments & Success Stories, Help and the submittal directly to our staff of feedback, errors, questions or comments. All of your communications made to or through those services or through our Community Services are referred to as your "Visitor-Submitted Content." For information concerning our use of your Visitor-Submitted Content, please see our [Visitor Agreement](https://web.archive.org/about/visitor-agreement.html).

**Surveys**   
Occasionally we conduct visitor surveys to better target our content to our audience or for the benefit of third parties with whom we do business. Accordingly, sometimes the aggregate survey results are shared with our advertisers and partners. We never share any survey information about any identified individual with any third party unless that individual consents.

**E-mail this Page to a Friend**  
Many of the pages of the Edmunds Automotive Network include a feature that permits visitors to electronically forward that page to someone else by clicking on a link. The sender must provide his or her e-mail address, as well as that of the recipient. The sender's information is used only in the case of transmission errors and, of course, to let the recipient know who sent the page. Neither the sender's information nor the recipient's information is used for any other purpose.

**Links to Other Web Sites**  
The Edmunds Automotive Network contains links to many other Web sites not operated by us, including sites where you can obtain automotive products and services. However, this Privacy Statement only applies to the Edmunds Automotive Network and the information we collect thereon, and we are not responsible for the privacy policies or practices of any other Web sites. For additional information about those links, please review our [Visitor Agreement](https://web.archive.org/about/visitor-agreement.html).

**Third-Party Ad Servers**  
We use DoubleClick Inc., an advertising service company, to serve advertisements for the Edmunds Automotive Network. We also sometimes use other advertising service companies to serve ads. DoubleClick and these other advertising service companies may use information (not including your name, address, e-mail address or telephone number) about your visits to the Edmunds Automotive Network in order to provide advertisements on the Edmunds Automotive Network.

**Self-Regulatory Program for Online Behavioral Advertising**  
The cross-industry Self-Regulatory Program for Online Behavioral Advertising (the "Program") was developed by leading industry associations to apply consumer-friendly standards to online behavioral advertising across the Internet. Edmunds has elected to implement the Program.

The Program applies to "online behavioral advertising," which is defined as the collection of data online from a particular computer or device regarding Web viewing behaviors over time, and across non-affiliate Web sites, for the purpose of using such data to predict visitor preferences or interests to deliver advertising to that computer or device based on the preferences or interests inferred from those Web viewing behaviors. (The Program does not apply to a Web site's collection of viewing behavior solely for its own uses, or to "contextual advertising" that delivers advertisements based on the content of a Web page, a search query or a visitor's contemporaneous behavior on a Web site.)

Our advertisers may from time to time use data collected about your visits to the Edmunds Automotive Network and other Web sites to target ads to you on the Edmunds Automotive Network and other Web sites. 

In addition, we may from time to time permit third parties to collect non-personally identifiable Web site usage information about our visitors for the purpose of facilitating the serving of targeted ads promoting the Edmunds Automotive Network on other Web sites. To do this, we permit such third parties to place and use cookies on the browsers of our visitors, and use Web beacons and other tracking technologies on the Edmunds Automotive Network. These third parties may also use personally identifiable information obtained from other sources to serve advertisements over time and across Web sites.

To learn more about your choices and how to opt out from receiving the types of ads described above, please click [here](http://www.aboutads.info/choices/) or paste <http://www.aboutads.info/choices/> into your internet browser.

**Additional Disclosure under the California Online Privacy Protection Act**  
We do not collect personally identifiable information about our visitors' online activities over time and across third-party Web sites or online services. Therefore, "do not track" signals transmitted from Web browsers do not apply to the Edmunds Automotive Network, and we do not alter any of our data collection and use practices upon receipt of such a signal. Where a visitor or Web browser transmits a "do not track" signal, third parties that place cookies and collect information on the Edmunds Automotive Network will be able to see that such a signal has been transmitted.

**Changes to this Privacy Statement**  
We reserve the right, in our sole discretion and at any time, to change this Privacy Statement. Changes will be effective when made and the updated Privacy Statement is posted on the Edmunds Automotive Network; provided, however, that (i) information collected prior to the time any change is posted will be used according to the provisions of this Privacy Statement that applied at the time the information was collected, and (ii) no such change shall be applicable to any dispute between you and us that arises prior to the time such change is effective.

_Revised March 26, 2015_
