> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the insideedition.com privacy policy that was archived on 2002-12-08. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20021208171416id_/http%3A//www.insideedition.com/privacy.htm) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Inside Edition

This notice is applicable to all websites maintained by King World Productions, Inc., K.W.M, Inc. and King World Studios West Inc. (hereafter, the "KW Websites"). King World Productions, Inc., K.W.M., Inc. and King World Studios West Inc., their affiliates and their respective productions, including (THE ANANDA LEWIS SHOW), (HOLLYWOOD SQUARES) and (INSIDE EDITION) (collectively, "King World"), wish to respect the privacy of all KW Websites users. At the same time, King World understands that many of its Website users may want to be contacted about events or offers of special interest. To accommodate these interests, we have developed this Privacy Notice. 

While you can visit any KW Website without providing us any personal information, we may invite you to provide certain forms of personal information, including, but not limited to, your name, age, sex, address, telephone number and email address. However, even if you do not provide us personal information, your visits to our websites may allow us to collect such non-personal information as the type of your computer operating system, your browser and your Internet service provider. In addition, when you visit a KW Website, we may store some information in the form of a "Cookie" on your computer. Most Internet browsers allow you to erase Cookies from your hard drive, block Cookies, or receive word before a Cookie is stored. Please refer to your Browser instructions to learn more about these functions. At certain pages of our websites we may invite you to provide us with personal information. For example, when conducting a poll we may ask you to give your age and sex; when running a contest we may ask for names and addresses to contact the winners; when offering information about upcoming events or commercial offers, we would need contact information. We will collect such information only if you provide it to us voluntarily. If you provide personal information, we will not give or sell your personal information to third parties unless we disclose that intention to you at the time of collecting your personal information. We may, however, provide aggregated information about our website users as a whole, not as individuals, to third parties for certain marketing, advertising or other reasonable purposes. 

King World bears no responsibility for any action or policies of any third parties who collect any information visitors may disclose on the bulletin boards, chat areas or other public forums on this site. King World will not solicit and does not intend to collect personal information from people under eighteen (18) years of age. KW Websites will specifically instruct people under 18 not to submit personal information on our websites. If a person under 18 provides us with personal information and that person's parent or guardian wants it removed from our records, the parent or guardian should contact us by sending an email to ieprivacy@kingworld.com. We will use reasonable efforts to delete the person's information from our existing files. 

If a KW Website requests credit card information for payment purposes, King World will take all commercially reasonable steps to protect that information by establishing a secure connection with your Web Browser. To maintain the accuracy of any personal information you provide us, you should notify us of any changes you wish us to make. To update or remove your personal information from our files, you can contact us by sending an email to ieprivacy@kingworld.com. Include your name, address and email address in the message. We will use reasonable efforts to make the changes. King World reserves the right to change this notice at any time. 
