> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the instantcareerfind.com privacy policy that was archived on 2010-06-05. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20100605143522id_/http%3A//www.instantcareerfind.com/privacy.php) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy Policy

InstantCareerFind.com Privacy Policy This Privacy Policy covers the treatment of personally identifiable information collected by InstantCareerFind.com, its parent company, subsidiaries, or DBA's (the "Website" or the "Company") when you use the Website's services. It is important that Consumers are fully informed about the use of their personal information. The Company believes in 100% permission-based marketing. If you do not agree with the terms of this Privacy Policy then please exit this Website and do not provide your information nor use the services provided by this Website. Company is not responsible for the collection and use of information obtained by third party websites which are not under the ownership or control of the Company. Information We Collect When you submit your information to this Website, your personal information may be collected about you which includes but is not limited to your name, telephone number, email address, mailing address, social security number, credit card information, bank account information, gender, date of birth, salary range, marital status, occupation, educational background, personal interests (your "Personal Information") as submitted on one of our Website's order forms, registration forms, or search forms. This Website may also combine the information that you provide on this Website with supplmental information from other sources for its use and dissemination. You agree that you are under no obligation to submit your information to this Website and that doing so is completely voluntary. Further, the Company may at times purchase, license, or otherwise obtain Personal Information or other information collected from individuals by third parties legally authorized to sell or distribute such information. This Website may at times also collect other information including but not limited to the information submitted by an individual when requesting admission to a Company newsletter, data feed, or other service provided by the Company, when an individual is submitting their information in request of a prize or incentive offered by the Company, or when an individual contacts the Company's client relations department. Our Company will never knowingly collect any Personal Information about children under 13 years of ago. If our Company obtains actual knowledge that it has collected Personal Information about a child under 13 years of age, that information will be immediately deleted from our Website database. Our Website therefore cannot use or disclose any such information to third parties because this information is not collected and stored by our Website. In order to use the Website and participate in its features and programs, you must allow cookies to be active on your system, which are small bits of information stored in your computer. Cookies are not used to breach your privacy or steal information, they are used to keep a record of your visitation information and preferences on certain websites and help you to access websites more easily and efficiently. Our Website receives information from cookies which includes but is not limited to the amount of time you spend on our Website, date and time of visits, the pages viewed on our Website, and the websites that you visited just before and just after your visit to our Website. If you prefer to not transmit this information about yourself through cookies on our Website, you may disable cookie handling by navigating to the options are of your website browser, but keep in mind that turning off or disabling cookie handling on your browser may prevent our Website from properly recognizing you and could potentially make your experience on our Website more difficult or invalid. Our Website may also utilize "pixel tags" (or "clear gifs") to track information such as the statistics of how many emails were opened and/or clicked on through our email marketing campaigns, as well as the website pages that you may visit on our affiliate and/or partner websites. For our email marketing campaigns our Company also reserves the right to employ user source information which includes but is not limited to category and interest(s) which may also be shared with our third party marketing affiliates and partners. We reserve the right to retain cookie and pixel tag information indefinitely. Advertising agencies, networks, and/or other entities who place advertisements on our Website generally use their own cookies, web beacons, and/or other technology to collect information about individuals. Our Website does not and cannot control such entities' use of such technology and our Company has no responsibility for or control over the use of such technology to gather information about individuals. Our Website servers also identify and capture information about your computer by its Internet Protocol address ("IP Address"), which is a unique string of numbers that is assigned to your computer by your Internet Service Provider. Your IP address is automatically logged by our Website servers and collects website traffic statistics. The IP address does not identify an individual by name but through cooperation of your ISP it may be used to locate and identify an individual using the Internet. Your IP address can also collect information such as the geographic area you are connecting from, which ISP you are using, server problems, and/or to gather broad demographic information about our Website visitors. In addition, we may collect the IP addresses and website pages of other websites you may visit. How Information Is Used The Personal Information we collect on our Website may be used in a number of different ways which include but are not limited to targeted advertising campaigns, email marketing, the content of our Company's email messages, telemarketing, direct mail marketing, mobile marketing, and banner advertising. The way in which our Company uses this information may change at any time. Our Company reserves the right to sell, rent, lease, share, and/or otherwise distribute any and all information with/to any of our third party affiliates and partners for any and all uses permitted by law, and may also disclose information to our third party affiliates and partners that help us maintain and operate our Website. These third parties may include but are not limited to providers of direct and email marketing services and applications, suppression and validation, lookup and reference services, and data enhancement. Our Company may also use your information for any Website-related purpose on our own behalf and on behalf of our affiliates and partners and we may share your information when you complete a third-party registration form. You agree that we may contact you at any time with updates and/or any other information that we may deem appropriate for you to receive in connection with your continued use of our Website. Our Company does not endorse, nor are we liable for the content included in the privacy policies and/or terms and conditions of each of our third party affiliates and partners. Further, our Website may also contain advertisers that may promote their own goods or services; these entities are independent third parties and may or may not be affiliated with us. You should read the privacy policies of such third party websites to make sure that you agree to their terms before using their websites. If you wish to opt out of receiving mailings from such third party advertisers and/or marketers, you must do so directly with the desired third party. By submitting your information on our Website, you agree to receive marketing materials from us and our third party affiliates and/or partners. However, our Company will only send you marketing materials if you have agreed to our Terms & Conditions and Privacy Policy, and if you have supplied your contact information including but not limited to name and email address on our Website, or if you have agreed to receive email from third parties, our affiliates, or partners on their websites. Our Company does not send unsolicited email messages. Our Company and our third party affiliates and partners may maintain separate information databases for different purposes and thus you will be required to separately unsubscribe from each email list to which you wish to cancel your subscription. Unsubscribe instructions will be provided at the end of each email message which will allow you to unsubscribe from the particular list. Our Company uses secure storage locations and advanced intrusion protection such as firewalls to ensure that your information is kept safe and to prevent against potential loss or misuse of your information. However, although our Company follows generally accepted industry standards to protect such information submitted to us both during transmission and once we receive it, we cannot guarantee that our security measures will prevent such information from being stolen, misused, altered, or in any other way illegally accessed. Other Information Under California Civil Code Section 1798.83, California residents who have provided or submitted personal information to our Company, our Website, third party advertisers, and/or marketing partners are permitted to request certain information regarding our disclosure of Personal Information to third parties for their direct marketing purposes. Within thirty days of receiving such a request, our Company will provide a list of the categories of personal information disclosed to third parties for third party direct marketing purposes during the immediately preceding calendar year, along with the names and addresses of these third parties. This request may be made no more than once per calendar year. Further, in accordance with California Civil Code Sec. 1789.3, California resident users are entitled to know that they may file grievances and complaints with California Department of Consumer Affairs, 400 R Street, STE 1080, Sacramento, CA 95814; or by phone at 916-445-1254 or 800-952-5210; or by email to dca@dca.ca.gov. For more information about protecting your privacy, you may wish to visit http://www.ftc.gov. To unsubscribe/opt-out of our Company's marketing emails or to prevent your information from being shared with our third parties affiliates and partners, please email LocalJobsToday@gmail.com and type "UNSUBSCRIBE" in the subject line. 
