> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the instahyre.com privacy policy that was archived on 2016-06-26. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20160626065507id_/https%3A//www.instahyre.com/privacy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy Policy - Instahyre

Instahyre is a platform where companies compete to hire talented candidates in weekly auctions. Our mission is to help you find your perfect job easily.

We view protection of your privacy as a very important principle. We understand clearly that you and your personal information is one of our most important asset. We encourage you to read the privacy policies carefully.

All the information provided by you to us, including sensitive personal information, is voluntary. You have the right to withdraw your consent at any time, but please note that withdrawal of consent will not be retroactive. You can access, modify, correct and eliminate the data about you which has been collected pursuant to your decision to become a user/Member of this Website except for user id/email which is unique. If you update any information relating to you, we may keep a copy of the information which you originally provided to us in our archives.

Due to the communications standards on the Internet, when you visit the Website, we automatically receive the URL of the site from which you came and the site to which you are going when you leave. We also receive information about your computer, including your IP address, or proxy server you used to access the World Wide Web, email patterns as well as name of your internet service provider (ISP). This information is used to analyse trends to improve our services.

The Website uses temporary cookies to store certain data (that is not sensitive personal data or information) that is used by us and our service providers for the technical administration of the Website, research and development, and for administration. In the course of serving advertisements or optimizing services to you, we may allow authorized third parties to place or recognize a unique cookie on your browser. We do not store personally identifiable information in the cookies.

We may keep records of telephone calls received and made for making inquiries, orders or other purposes for the purpose of administration of services, research and development, quality management services and for proper administration.

We allow other companies, to serve advertisements to you. These companies include third party ad servers, ad agencies, ad technology vendors and research firms. We may "target" some ads to you that fit a certain general profile. We do not use personally identifiable information to target ads.

This policy only applies to our site. In case you leave our site, via a link or otherwise, you will be subject to the policy of the other website. We have no control over that policy or the terms of that website and you should check their policy before continuing to access the site. These other sites may place their own cookies or other files on your computer, collect data or solicit personal information from you, for which we are not responsible or liable. Accordingly, we do not make any representations or take any responsibility concerning the privacy practices or policies of such third parties or terms of use of such websites, nor do we guarantee the accuracy, integrity, or quality of the information, data, text, software, sound, photographs, graphics, videos, messages or other materials available on such websites. The Website may enable you to communicate with other users or to post information to be accessed by others, whereupon other users may collect such data. We hereby expressly disclaim any liability for any misuse of such information that is made available by visitors in such a manner.

We value the privacy of information pertaining to our associates. The linkage between your IP address and your personally identifiable information is not shared with third-parties without your permission or except when required by law. Notwithstanding the above, we may share some of the aggregate findings and details with advertisers, sponsors, investors, strategic partners, and others in order to help grow our business without obtaining any approval from you. We may also display your name and photograph on the Site for promotional purposes. We will enable you to communicate your privacy concerns to us and we will respond to them appropriately. We do not disclose any personal information to advertisers and for other marketing and promotional purposes that could be used to personally identify you, such as your password, credit card number and bank account number.
