> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the instachatrooms.com privacy policy that was archived on 2016-02-18. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20160218061745id_/https%3A//www.instachatrooms.com/privacy.html) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# InstaChatRooms Privacy Policy

PLEASE READ THROUGH THIS ENTIRE PRIVACY POLICY CAREFULLY. BY ACCESSING, USING OR VIEWING OUR WEBSITE, YOU ACKNOWLEDGE THAT YOU HAVE FULLY READ THIS PRIVACY POLICY, THAT YOU UNDERSTAND IT IN FULL AND THAT YOU AGREE TO BE BOUND BY THE TERMS OF THIS PRIVACY POLICY AND THE TERMS OF SERVICE AGREEMENT ON THIS WEBSITE. IT IS YOUR RESPONSIBILITY TO CHECK THIS PRIVACY POLICY ON A REGULAR BASIS IN ORDER TO BE AWARE OF ANY CHANGES THAT HAVE BEEN MADE.

The Privacy Policy is Effective As of November 30th 2013

InstaChatRooms values your privacy, which is why the Privacy Policy has been created. The goal of the policy is to inform you about the information that we collet when you view or visit our website, how we collect that information and how it is used. The Privacy Policy only applies to www.InstaChatRooms.com and does not apply to any other website, product or service. 

By using, browsing through or viewing any portion of our website, you consent to the data collection as well as the use practices mentioned within the Privacy Policy. Any changes that we make to the Privacy Policy will be added to the web page. It is your sole responsibility to check back for new additions, changes or modifications of the Privacy Policy. We strongly encourage you to revisit the web page frequently. 

Personally Identifiable Information

Personally identifiable information is any type of information that can be used to identify an individual. The can include, but is not limited to, full names, home addresses, email addresses, phone numbers and other forms of contact information. InstaChatRooms require you to register, in which case, some personally identifiable information may be required. We may collect and store personally identifiable information when you contact us with questions, complete a form, access certain parts of our website or in other such circumstances. You have the choice to not provide us with certain details or information, but in that case, you might not be able to take full advantage of our website and the services we provide. 

The personally identifiable information that we collect may be used to respond to your questions, notify you of special events or promotions, and notify you of updates to our website. Personally identifiable information is also used to enhance your user experience on InstaChatRooms. The may include targeting advertisements according to your physical location, improving our services for your needs or enhance your user experience in other ways possible. 

We may from time to time send you promotional emails relating to our product, promotional, and services offerings. You are given the opportunity to opt-out of receiving promotional e-mails by simply following the "unsubscribe" instructions that appear in every email from us.

Non-Personally Identifiable Information

Some information is automatically collected from us and/or third party service providers every time that you interact with our website. The can include, but is not limited to, your IP address, browser information and other information that cannot personally identify you. The information is not capable of showing us who you are or connect the data with you personally. The non-personally identifiable information helps us track the location of our users, determine high traffic areas and it makes the analysis of our data and statistics related to InstaChatRooms easier to read.

Cookies will also be used whenever you interact with our website. These are small files which are placed on your computer’s hard drive when you visit a website. They take up almost no space on your hard drive and are completely safe. Cookies are used to enhance your user experience on our website. They will make it easier for you to use InstaChatRooms when you return to our website by remembering the information that you have previously entered and by remember the web pages in order to allow them to load much quicker. Cookies also allow us to recognize your computer which prevents us from giving you repetitive information. Most browsers automatically accept cookies, but you can choose to block them from within your web browser’s settings. However, blocking or refusing cookies from our website may prevent you from benefiting from all of our features and services. Cookies do not allow us to personally identify you. 

We may use any combination of your IP address, cookies, and other information to identify you or your computer when you visit our site and to allow us to, in our sole discretion, immediately and without notice, block, suspend, or terminate you, temporarily or permanently, from viewing, accessing, or using our website, or its content and services. The may occur if you have violated or breached our Terms of Service, if you have violated, infringed or misappropriated InstaChatRooms’ or any third party’s intellectual property, proprietary, privacy, contract rights, or other rights; or for any other reason or no reason. You agree that InstaChatRooms shall not be liable to you or any third party for any such blocking, suspension, or termination. In the event of such violation, we reserve all of our rights and remedies under the Privacy Policy and Terms of Service, at law, and in equity.

Sharing and Disclosure of Information

InstaChatRooms does not sell or rent the personally identifiable information that it collects about you. We may disclose the personally identifiable information about you if it is required by law or if the information is needed for legal processes, court orders, subpoenas served on InstaChatRooms or to cooperate with law enforcement authorities. The information may also be disclosed with the appropriate law enforcement authorities if we suspect threats towards other individuals, fraudulent acts, if you breach the security of our website of for any other similar type of circumstance. Your personally identifiable information may also be disclosed in the case of a merger, acquisition, or other sale of our assets, or if we file for bankruptcy. 

In addition, we may disclose aggregated information to advertisers. In these situations, we do not disclose to these entities any information that could be used to personally identify you. We may disclose volume or usage statistical information as a representative audience to advertisers.

We may contract with third-party providers, business partners or persons to provide certain products and services, including without limitation, operating, administering, maintaining or hosting the Site, payment processing, and authorization, distribution, data management, marketing and promotional support, trouble shooting, customer support, goods and services, or companies that offer affinity, frequent-user, and reward programs, etc., ("Service Providers"). We provide the Service Providers with the information needed for them to perform these services with the requirement that they use the information only in connection with their performance of these services for us. Our Service Providers may enlist third parties to perform services related to the operation of our business. Examples of these services include payment processing and authorization, order fulfillment and shipping, and Site hosting, marketing or evaluation. Our Service Providers may provide Personally Identifiable Information to these third parties, but we authorize them to use the information only in connection with the services the Service Providers perform for us. We disclaim all responsibility or liability for, and you hereby agree to hold us harmless from, the actions of such Service Providers. The use of your Personally Identifiable Information is subject to the privacy practices of such Service Providers, and their third parties, and the actions of such Service Providers, and their third parties, are outside of our control.

Webcam images may be captured from InstaChatRooms video chats. These captures may be uploaded to our servers and monitored for misbehaviour and for the overall safety of the other users of our website. Our monitoring system is not perfect and you may still notice misbehaviours on InstaChatRooms. You are using our services at your own risk.

InstaChatRooms also may keep records of your conversations which may be shared with law enforcement authorities; they may be used to monitor our website or also to improve our website’s functionality and services offered. 

Notice of Privacy Rights of California Residents

California Civil Code Section 1798.83 ("Code") permits users of our Site who are California residents from whom we have received Personally Identifiable Information to request from us certain information regarding our disclosure of Personally Identifiable Information to third parties for their direct marketing purposes.

As required by the Code, at your request we will provide you with the categories of Personally Identifiable Information that we collect through the website and the categories of third party persons or entities with whom such Personally Identifiable Information may be shared for direct marketing purposes. California law requires us to inform you, at your request, of (a) the categories of Personally Identifiable Information we collect and the third parties with whom we share that information; (b) the names and addresses of those third parties; and (c) examples of the products marketed by those third parties. To make such a request, please send an e-mail to 

The Code allows you to control the parties with whom we share Personally Identifiable Information and the specific Personally Identifiable Information which you do not wish to be shared with those third parties. When contacting us, please indicate your name, address, email address, and what Personally Identifiable Information you do not want us to share with third parties for direct marketing purposes. The request should be emailed to the attention of our Legal Department, info at chatrandom.com and labeled "California Customer Choice Notice." Please allow 30 days for a response. Please note that there is no charge for controlling the sharing of your Personally Identifiable Information or for processing the request.

We are only required to respond to one request per customer each year, and we are not required to respond to requests made by means other than through the above email address.

Security of Your Information

To help protect the privacy of the personal information you transmit through use of the Site, we use commercially reasonable security practices that are technically feasible for us to protect the user data we collect against unauthorized access, including without limitation, physical, technical, and administrative safeguards.

Except as specified in the Privacy Policy, we use commercially reasonable efforts to limit access to your personal information to our employees, agents, and officers who need the information to perform their responsibilities. However, please be aware that the website and our services are run on software, hardware and networks, any component of which may, from time to time, require maintenance or experience problems or breaches of security beyond our control. We cannot guarantee the security of the information on and sent from our website, and are not responsible for the acts and omissions of any third parties who receive the information. Please be aware that despite our best intentions and the guidelines outlined in the Privacy Policy, no data transmission over the internet can be guaranteed to be 100% secure.

Link Usage

InstaChatRooms may contain links to other sites operated by our affiliates or other third parties. We are not responsible for their privacy policies, practices, content or other such acts of third party websites. Please be advised that the privacy policy does not cover other websites and you must read through their own privacy policy in order to be fully aware of their policies. You are responsible for reviewing the privacy policy of each and every website that you visit. We will not be held responsible for the content, acts, practices, policies or terms of service of other websites even if their links are provided from within our website.

International Use

The personally identifiable information that is collected on InstaChatRooms may be stored and processed in the United States or any other country in which InstaChatRooms or its affiliates, subsidiaries, or agents maintain facilities. By using the website, you consent to any such transfers of information or data about yourself outside of your own country.

You agree to comply with all local laws, rules and regulations regarding online conduct and acceptable content. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, you agree to comply with all applicable laws, rules and regulations regarding the transmission of data exported from the United States or the country in which you reside.

Minors

InstaChatRooms has portions of its website that is directed to persons 18 years of age or older only. InstaChatRooms does not knowingly collect information from minors in those sections of the website and we do not knowingly allow underage users to access those parts of our website. Any person that accessed parts of the website that are directed to persons of 18 years of age or older only, consent and agree with the terms of service regarding these sections of our website and agree that they are at least 18 years of age or older. If you are not 18 years or age or older, you are not permitted to enter those parts of our website. For more details regarding the chat rooms that are for adults only or those that are for persons of all ages, please review our Rules Page here: https://www.instachatrooms.com/rules

Your Consent To The Privacy Policy 

By using the Site, you agree to the Privacy Policy. The is our entire and exclusive Privacy Policy and it supersedes any earlier version. The Privacy Policy may occasionally be updated and it is your sole responsibility to check back for any updates. Any changes made to the Privacy Policy will take effect immediately after being posted on the web page. The Privacy Policy that is in effect will always be the version that is posted here. We are not responsible for your failure to receive an email due to the actions of your ISP or any email filtering service. Consequently, you should add InstaChatRooms to the list of domains approved to send you email. Your continued use of our website and the services we provide you with after such notice will be deemed acceptance of such changes. It is your responsibility to review the Privacy Policy frequently and remain informed about any changes to it, so be sure to return to the page periodically to ensure familiarity with the most current version of the Privacy Policy. If we make changes to the Privacy Policy and you continue to use our website, you are agreeing to the Privacy Policy and any updates. We will only use Personally Identifiable Information in accordance with the Privacy Policy that was in effect at the time the information was collected.

Contacting InstaChatRooms

If you have any questions regarding the Privacy Policy, please contact us at the email address: 
