> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the installmonetizer.com privacy policy that was archived on 2011-11-23. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20111123152824id_/http%3A//www.installmonetizer.com/privacypolicy.php) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Make Money With Installs - InstallMonetizer.com

Privacy Policy |   
---|---  
  
InstallMonetizer takes it's user privacy seriously. We ask all visitors of InstallMonetizer and it's users review this policy. By visiting our website at http://www.installmonetizer.com ("InstallMonetizer.com"), or using any of our services or products, including the InstallMonetizer co-bundle, you acknowledge that you accept the practices and policies outlined in this Privacy Policy.

This Privacy Policy covers our treatment of personally identifiable information ("Personal Information") and other information we gather when you are access InstallMonetizer.com or when you use our services. This policy does not apply to (and we are not responsible for) the practices of companies that we do not own or control, software advertisers or to individuals we do not employ or manage. When utilizing third party sites or software products, you should read the relevant privacy policies of those providers for information regarding their privacy practices. If you are a publisher on InstallMonetizer, we recommend you present to your consumers the third party software developer's privacy policy for their approval.

THE INFORMATION WE COLLECT AND WHY:  
Cookies- When you visit our site we insert a cookie into your browser. Cookies are used to help us understand our users and our product activity. This data may include storing user preferences, website activity, usage and other information.  
Communication\- Email, Skype, Instant Messenger communication between you and us and vise versa maybe be stored by us.  
Your Account Information\- We store information entered by you in your account. We store data  
generated by Publisher's activity with our site's product.  
Consumers Receiving Product Recommendations\- We review the consumer's pc for existing software. This is done to provide the consumer an advertiser software which they currently do not have installed on their computer. This information is not stored in order to maintain consumer's privacy. We gather personally identifiable and may include information regarding your geo-location, ip address, operating system, language setting and information regarding whether recommended advertiser software has been accepted, downloaded, installed and any reason for failure installing. None of his information is personally identifiable.

HOW WE SHARE INFORMATION:  
Protection of InstallMonetizer and Others- We may share your Personal Information and other information if we have a good faith belief that it is required to (1) comply with law, regulation, subpoena or court order ; (2) detect, prevent or otherwise address fraud, security or technical issues; (3) enforce the provisions of this Privacy Policy and/or any other agreements between you and InstallMonetizer, including investigation of potential violations thereof; or (4) protect against harm to the rights, property or safety of InstallMonetizer, its visitors, users and/or the public.  
Business Transfers- If InstallMonetizer or substantially all of its assets were acquired, or in the unlikely event that InstallMonetizer goes out of business or enters bankruptcy, user information would be one of the assets that is transferred or acquired by a third party. Accordingly, we may transfer or assign all the information we have collected as part of a merger, acquisition, sale or other change of control. You acknowledge that such transfers may occur, and that any acquirer may continue to use your Personal Information and other information as set forth in this policy.  
With Your Consent- Except as set forth above, we will only share your Personal Information with third parties with your prior consent.

INFORMATION SECURITY:  
We endeavor to take security measures to guard against unauthorized access to the systems where we store your data. This includes internal reviews of our data collection, storage, and processing practices and security measures and physical security measures. However, despite the measures we take we cannot warrant the security of any information provided to us. Unauthorized entry or use, hardware or software failure, and other factors, may compromise the security of user information at any time.

UPDATING YOUR INFORMATION:  
You may update your information by logging into your account and updating the information. You may request deletion of your InstallMonetizer account by sending an e-mail to [support@installmonetizer.com](https://web.archive.org/web/20111123152824id_/http%3A//www.installmonetizer.com/ContactUs.php) Please include your account logins for verification. Please note that some information may remain in our records after deletion of your account.

POLICY CHANGES: We may make changes to this policy from time to time. It is your responsibility to review this policy periodically.

Feedback, or questions, please contact us:  
Email: [support@installmonetizer.com](https://web.archive.org/web/20111123152824id_/http%3A//www.installmonetizer.com/ContactUs.php)  
Address: InstallMonetizer 5655 Silver Creek Vly Rd 615 San Jose, CA 95138 
