> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the instascreen.net privacy policy that was archived on 2019-07-21. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20190721225423id_/https%3A//tazworks.com/privacy-policy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy Policy - TazWorks

## TAZWORKS, LLC (“TazWorks”) values your right and your customers’ right to privacy.

We have created this privacy statement to demonstrate our commitment to keep personal information safe, secure, and confidential. This privacy policy discloses our information-gathering and dissemination practices for websites on the TAZWORKS and INSTASCREEN domains. By accessing and using our websites, you consent to the collection and use of personal information by TAZWORKS as disclosed in this privacy policy and all applicable laws.

TAZWORKS uses your IP address to help diagnose problems and to administer our websites. Your IP address is used to help identify you and to compile broad demographic information.

A cookie is a string of information that a website stores on a visitor’s computer, and that the visitor’s browser provides to the website each time the visitor returns. TAZWORKS uses cookies for your convenience and to provide a means to identify you throughout the duration of your online session. Sensitive and personal information is never stored in cookies. TAZWORKS does not initiate cookies on behalf of third parties. Visitors who do not wish to have cookies placed on their computers should set their browsers to refuse cookies before using TAZWORKS’ website, with the drawback that certain features of TAZWORKS’ website may not function properly without the aid of cookies.TAZWORKS will use the personal information you provide for the sole purpose of fulfilling your request for products and services. In the course of fulfilling your request, it may be necessary to disclose the personal information you provide to third parties. We will disclose personal information to third parties only when necessary to fulfill your request, and in such cases, as permitted by law. Some of those third parties may be located outside of your home country; by using TAZWORKS website you consent to the transfer of such information to them. TAZWORKS neither sells nor shares with third parties any personal information, including email addresses, gained through the fulfillment of requests for products and services. Other than third parties, as described above, TAZWORKS discloses potentially personal information and only when required to do so by law. You can always refuse to supply personally-identifying information, with the caveat that it may prevent you from engaging in certain website-related activities.

Although TAZWORKS takes appropriate measures to safeguard the personal information in its custody and control, and requires similar safeguarding measures from service providers, understand that TAZWORKS is unable to guarantee that your personal information will never be disclosed or accessed in a manner that is inconsistent with this privacy statement. TAZWORKS has implemented measures in an effort to maintain the confidentiality of all personal information in its custody and control, including only providing access to personal information to employees and authorized service providers who require such information for the purposes described here. TAZWORKS maintains administrative, technical, and physical safeguards in an effort to protect against unauthorized access, use, loss, modification, disclosure, and any form of unlawful processing of personal information in our custody and control, and our service providers are bound to maintain similar safeguards. These measures also aim at preventing unnecessary collection and further processing of personal information.

To provide you with an increased level of security online, access to your personal information on certain of our websites may be protected with a password you select. TAZWORKS strongly recommends that you do not disclose your password to anyone. TAZWORKS will never ask you for your password in any unsolicited communication.

TAZWORKS cannot protect unsolicited ideas, suggestions, or materials related to our products and services, and reserves the right to share non-personal information received via the TAZWORKS website with the public. TAZWORKS does not seek unsolicited ideas, suggestions or materials related to our products and services other than in some surveys for feedback to improve the customer experience. If you do not want TAZWORKS to use your ideas to improve our products, please do not submit them.  If you do submit your ideas, you acknowledge that TAZWORKS has the right to use your ideas in any manner, without further consent from you, and without any compensation or remuneration to you.  In the event that TAZWORKS elects to use your submitted ideas, you agree not to oppose any such use.

TAZWORKS logs all activities performed on our websites and periodically examines the log files. This analysis helps detect fraudulent activity, identify system faults and failures, and characterize aggregate system performance. When used in the course of scientific or research purposes, all reasonable identifying information is removed.

TAZWORKS may collect statistics about the behavior of visitors to its website and may display this information publicly or provide it to others. However, TAZWORKS does not disclose personal information other than as described herein.

TAZWORKS will never ask you for your password. If we require authenticated access to your account information for any purpose, we will refer you to a system specialist who will have access to your account information. Please guard your password carefully and do not share or disclose your password to anyone, for any reason. Every user is responsible for his or her username and password and any misuse thereof.

TAZWORKS is certified by TruSecure, a security-assurance company. This means that we have taken every known precaution to protect you from the loss, misuse, and alteration of the information under our control. Confidential information is encrypted when transmitted to and from our websites.

Since TAZWORKS does not control third-party websites, we encourage you to review the policies posted on (all) third-party websites. When you access a third-party website, be aware it is independent from TAZWORKS and that TAZWORKS has no control over the content or privacy practices on other websites. In addition, a link on our website to a third-party website does not mean that TAZWORKS endorses or accepts any responsibility for the content or use of such website.

Although most changes are likely to be minor, TAZWORKS may change this privacy statement from time to time, and in TAZWORKS’ sole discretion. TAZWORKS encourages visitors to frequently check this page for any changes to this privacy statement. Your continued use of this site after any change in this privacy statement will constitute your acceptance of such change.

TAZWORKS welcomes your input. If you have any questions or comments about this privacy statement, the practices of our websites, or your dealings with our websites, please send correspondence to:

TAZWORKS, LLC  
1192 East Draper Parkway #401  
Draper, UT 84020-9095

Comments or quetions? Visit our [Contact Us](https://web.archive.org/contact/) page.
