> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the instaedu.com privacy policy that was archived on 2014-06-25. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20140625125059id_/http%3A//instaedu.com/privacy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy policy - InstaEDU

## Effective 2/28/2014

InstaEDU, Inc. (" **InstaEDU** ", " **our** ", " **us** " or " **we** ") provides this Privacy Policy to inform you of our policies and procedures regarding the collection, use and disclosure of personal information we receive from users of www.instaedu.com (the " **Site** "). It also describes the choices available to you regarding our use of your personal information and how you can access and update this information. This Privacy Policy applies only to information that you provide to us through the Site.

This Privacy Policy may be updated from time to time. We will notify you of any material changes by email (sent to the e-mail address specified in your account) or by posting the new Privacy Policy on the Site prior to the change becoming effective. You are advised to consult this policy regularly for any changes. Unless otherwise defined in this Privacy Policy, terms used in this Privacy Policy have the same meanings as in our InstaEDU Terms of Service, accessible at [instaedu.com/tos/](http://instaedu.com/tos/).

As used in this policy, the terms "using" and "processing" information include using cookies on a computer, subjecting the information to statistical or other analysis and using or handling information in any way, including, but not limited to collecting, storing, evaluating, modifying, deleting, using, combining, disclosing and transferring information within our organization or among our affiliates within the United States or internationally.

InstaEDU, Inc. has received TRUSTe's Privacy Seal signifying that this privacy policy and our practices have been reviewed for compliance with the TRUSTe program viewable on the validation page available by clicking the TRUSTe seal. The TRUSTe program covers only information that is collected through this Site, [www.InstaEDU.com](https://web.archive.org/).

If you have an unresolved privacy or data use concern that we have not addressed satisfactorily, please contact [TRUSTe here](https://feedback-form.truste.com/watchdog/request).

## Information Collection and Use

Our primary goals in collecting information are to provide and improve our Site, services, features and content (together, the " **Services** ") and to enable users to enjoy and easily navigate the Site.

_Personal Information._

  * In the course of using the Site and Services (e.g., in connection with your registration as a User or Tutor), we will ask you for personal information. This refers to information about you that can be used to contact or identify you (" **Personal Information** "). Personal Information includes, but is not limited to, your name, credit card or other billing information and email address. We use your Personal Information mainly to provide the Services and administer your inquiries.
  * You can register to join the Service as a User or Tutor by logging into your account with certain third party social networking sites (“ **SNS** ”) (including, but not limited, to Facebook) via our Site. When you register by logging into an SNS via our Site, we will obtain the Personal Information you have provided to the SNS (such as your “real” name, profile picture, email address, list of SNS friends and other information you make available via the applicable SNS) from the account you have with such SNS and use that information to create your account; the information we obtain may depend on the privacy settings you have with the SNS. If you choose to register as a User to use the Services, you may also register to create an account directly via the Site without logging into an SNS. You can also log in to our Site using sign-in services such as Facebook Connect or an Open ID provider. These services will authenticate your identity and provide you the option to share certain personal information with us such as your name and email address to pre-populate our sign up form. Services like Facebook Connect give you the option to post information about your activities on this Site to your profile page to share with others within your network.
  * We also collect the other information that you provide as part of your use of the Site and Services (e.g., school, academic major and area of academic interest) (" **Non-Identifying Information** "). If you register to use the Services as a Tutor, we will also collect related information including, but not limited to, your academic year and a description of your tutoring services and interests.
  * If you register to use the Services as a Tutor, our third party service providers will collect certain information, such as your name and email address, from you to enable us to make payments to you in connection with your activities on the Site and Services.
  * We use your Personal Information (in some cases, in conjunction with your Non-Identifying Information) mainly to provide the Services, complete your transactions, and administer your inquiries.
  * Certain Non-Identifying Information would be considered a part of your Personal Information if it were combined with other identifiers in a way that enables you to be identified. But the same pieces of information are considered Non-Identifying Information when they are taken alone or combined only with other non-identifying information (for example, your viewing preferences). We may combine your Personal Information with Non-Identifying Information and aggregate it with information collected from other InstaEDU Visitors (defined below) to attempt to provide you with a better experience, to improve the quality and value of the Services and to analyze and understand how our Site and Services are used.
  * We also use your Personal Information to contact you with InstaEDU newsletters, marketing or promotional materials and other information that may be of interest to you. If you decide at any time that you no longer wish to receive such communications from us, please follow the unsubscribe instructions provided in any of the communications. (See " **Changing or Deleting Information** ," below.)



## Cookies and Other Tracking Technologies

Like many websites, we use “cookies” to collect information. A cookie is a small data file that we transfer to your computer's hard disk for record-keeping purposes. We use cookies for two purposes. First, we utilize persistent cookies to save your login information for future logins to the Site. Second, we utilize session ID cookies to enable certain features of the Site, to better understand how you interact with the Site and to monitor aggregate usage by InstaEDU Visitors and web traffic routing on the Site. Unlike persistent cookies, session cookies are deleted from your computer when you log off from the Site and Services and then close your browser. You can instruct your browser, by changing its options, to stop accepting cookies or to prompt you before accepting a cookie from the websites you visit. If you do not accept cookies, however, you may not be able to use all portions of the Site or all functionality of the Services. 

_Web Beacons / Gifs._ Our third party advertising partner employs a software technology called clear gifs (a.k.a. Web Beacons/Web Bugs), that help us better manage content on our Site by informing us what content is effective. Clear gifs are tiny graphics with a unique identifier, similar in function to cookies, and are used to track the online movements of Web users. In contrast to cookies, which are stored on a user’s computer hard drive, clear gifs are embedded invisibly on Web pages and are about the size of the period at the end of this sentence. We may tie the information gathered by clear gifs to our customers’ personal information.

_Log Data._ When you visit the Site, whether as a registered user or a non-registered user just browsing (any of these, an " **InstaEDU Visitor** "), our servers automatically record information that your browser sends whenever you visit a website (" **Log Data** "). This Log Data may include information such as your computer's Internet Protocol (" **IP** ") address, browser type or the webpage you were visiting before you came to our Site, pages of our Site that you visit, the time spent on those pages, information you search for on our Site, access times and dates, and other statistics. We use this information to monitor and analyze use of the Site and the Services and for the Site's technical administration, to increase our Site's functionality and user-friendliness, and to better tailor it to our visitors' needs. We also use this information to verify that visitors to the Site meet the criteria required to process their requests.

_3rd-Party Tracking._ The use of cookies by our service providers is not covered by our privacy policy. We do not have access or control over these cookies. Our service providers use session ID cookies to make it easier for us to serve relevant advertisements off of our site.

## Phishing

Identity theft and the practice currently known as "phishing" are of great concern to InstaEDU. Safeguarding information to help protect you from identity theft is a top priority. We do not and will not, at any time, request your credit card information, login information, or national identification numbers in a non-secure or unsolicited e-mail or telephone communication. For more information about phishing, visit the Federal Trade Commission's website.

## Invite a Friend

If you choose to invite a friend to use the Site and Services, we may collect the email address of such friend for the purpose of sending a one-time email invitation to use the Site and Services. We will not use the email address for any other purposes. Your friend may request that we delete his or her email address from our records by contacting us at [support@instaedu.com](mailto:support@instaedu.com).

If you choose to invite a friend following a Lesson on InstaEDU, information about your lesson, including but not limited to the tutor and subject of your lesson, may be shared with the friend(s) you choose to invite.

## Information Sharing and Disclosure

We will share your personal information with third parties only in the ways that are described in this privacy policy. We do not sell your personal information to third parties.

_Users._ If you decide to use the Services to connect and/or video or text chat with a Tutor online, you may share your Personal Information with the Tutors with whom you connect and/or video chat or text chat. If you interact with a Tutor via the Site or Services (e.g., to schedule Lesson Services), we will share your first name, as provided to the Site, (or the name of the student, as applicable) with the applicable Tutor in order to facilitate the scheduling or communication request. Additionally, if you chose to make any User Content available via the Services, we will share such User Content in accordance with the selections you make via the Services (including with Tutors, as applicable). Any information you provide before participating in Lesson Services (e.g., information on what you'd like to cover in such Lesson Services) may be shared with the applicable Tutor and publicly via the Services in connection with your first name. We recommend that you guard your sensitive information. 

_Questions._ As a User, if you choose to post a Question via the Services, your Question and Tutor responses to your Question, if any, will be publicly viewable via the Services. We may also share your first name with any Tutor who is eligible to respond to your Question via the Services. If, as a Tutor, you choose to post a response to a Question via the Services, your response will be publicly viewable via the Services, along with the profile information described under “Tutors” below. All responses you make to Questions via the Services will be connected to your Tutor profile. 

_Tutors._ If you register to use the Services as a Tutor, your name, school, school year, academic major, tutoring experience, listed interests, tutoring subjects, additional information on your tutoring areas of expertise that you provide via the Services SNS profile picture (or other profile picture provided by you), and current online/office status may be publicly viewable via the Site. InstaEDU may also use information related to responses you made in the past via the Services make available publicly via the Site estimated response rates and times related to your use of the Services. We make this information available so that Users and InstaEDU Visitors can find Tutors who meet their academic needs. We will ask you to choose if you have a U.S. tax ID (SSN) or not for the purpose of determining which payment method is applicable to you but we do not collect for your U.S. tax ID (SSN) via the site. You may edit your profile information at any time by accessing your profile via your account. In addition, if you chose to make any User Content available via the Services, we will share such User Content in accordance with the selections you make via the Services (including with Users, as applicable). 

_Blog / Forum._ . Our Site offers publicly accessible blogs or community forums. Our blog is managed by a third party application that may require you to register to post a comment or may ask to you provide your personal information such as your name and email address. We do not have access or control of the information posted to the blog. You will need to contact or login into the third party application if you want the personal information that was posted to the comments section removed. To learn how the third party application uses your information, please review their privacy policy. 

_SNS._ The Services give you the option to share information contained in your account with certain SNS. We will not share your account information, which may contain your Personal Information, with such SNS unless you expressly authorize such disclosure. 

_Aggregate Information and Non-Identifying Information._ We may share aggregated information that does not include Personal Information and we may otherwise disclose Non-Identifying Information and Log Data with third parties for industry analysis, demographic profiling and other purposes. Any aggregated information shared in these contexts will not contain your Personal Information. 

_Service Providers._ We may employ third party companies and individuals to facilitate our Services, to provide the Services on our behalf, to perform Site-related services (e.g., without limitation, maintenance services, database management, payment processing, web analytics and improvement of the Site's features) or to assist us in analyzing how our Site and Services are used. These third parties have access to your Personal Information only to perform these tasks on our behalf and are obligated not to disclose or use it for any other purpose. 

_Compliance with Laws and Law Enforcement._ InstaEDU cooperates with government and law enforcement officials and private parties to enforce and comply with the law. We will disclose any information about you to government or law enforcement officials or private parties as we, in our sole discretion, believe necessary or appropriate to respond to claims and legal process (including but not limited to subpoenas), to protect the property and rights of InstaEDU or a third party, to protect the safety of the public or any person, or to prevent or stop activity we may consider to be, or to pose a risk of being, illegal, unethical or legally actionable activity. 

_Business Transfers._ InstaEDU may sell, transfer or otherwise share some or all of its assets, including your Personal Information, in connection with a merger, acquisition, reorganization or sale of assets or in the event of bankruptcy. You will be notified via email and/or a prominent notice on our Site of any change in ownership or uses of your personal information, as well as any choices you may have regarding your personal information. 

## Changing or Deleting Your Information

All registered users may review, update, correct or delete the Personal Information they have provided to InstaEDU via the Site and Services by contacting us. If you completely delete all such information, then your Account may become deactivated. If you would like us to delete your Account in our system, please contact us at [support@instaedu.com](mailto:support@instaedu.com) with a request that we delete your Personal Information from our database. We will use commercially reasonable efforts to honor your request. We may retain an archived copy of your records as required by law or for legitimate business purposes.

## Security

The security of your personal information is important to us. When you enter sensitive information (such as a credit card number) on our order forms, we encrypt the transmission of that information using secure socket layer technology (SSL). We follow generally accepted standards to protect the personal information submitted to us, both during transmission and once we receive it. No method of transmission over the Internet, or method of electronic storage, is 100% secure, however. Therefore, we cannot guarantee its absolute security. If you have any questions about security on our Site, you can contact us at support@instaedu.com.

We will make any legally required disclosures of any breach of the security, confidentiality, or integrity of your unencrypted electronically stored "personal data" (as defined in applicable state statutes on security breach notification) to you via email or conspicuous posting on this Site in the most expedient time possible and without unreasonable delay, insofar as consistent with (i) the legitimate needs of law enforcement or (ii) any measures necessary to determine the scope of the breach and restore the reasonable integrity of the data system.

## International Transfer

Your information may be transferred to — and maintained on — computers located outside of your state, province, country or other governmental jurisdiction where the privacy laws may not be as protective as those in your jurisdiction. If you are located outside the United States and choose to provide information to us, InstaEDU transfers Personal Information to the United States and processes it there. Your consent to this Privacy Policy followed by your submission of such information represents your agreement to that transfer.

## Links to Other Sites

Our Site may contain links to other websites. If you choose to visit a third party link, you will be directed to that third party's website. The fact that we link to a website is not an endorsement, authorization or representation of our affiliation with that third party, nor is it an endorsement of their privacy or information security policies or practices. We do not exercise control over third party websites. These other websites may place their own cookies or other files on your computer, collect data or solicit personal information from you. Other sites follow different rules regarding the use or disclosure of the personal information you submit to them. We encourage you to read the privacy policies or statements of the other websites you visit.

## Social Media Widgets

Our Site includes Social Media Features, such as the Facebook Like button and Widgets, such as the Share this button or interactive mini-programs that run on our Site. These Features may collect your IP address, which page you are visiting on our Site, and may set a cookie to enable the Feature to function properly. Social Media Features and Widgets are either hosted by a third party or hosted directly on our Site. Your interactions with these Features are governed by the privacy policy of the company providing it.

## Our Policy Toward Children

This Site and Services are not directed to persons under 13\. We do not knowingly collect personal information from children under 13. If a parent or guardian becomes aware that his or her child has provided us with Personal Information without their consent, he or she should contact us at [support@instaedu.com](mailto:support@instaedu.com). If we become aware that a child under 13 has provided us with Personal Information, we will delete such information from our files.

## Contacting Us

If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, please contact us at [support@instaedu.com](mailto:support@instaedu.com) or at 530 Howard St, Suite 100, San Francisco, California 94105.
