> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the instacart.com privacy policy that was archived on 2018-12-29. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20181229210101id_/https%3A//www.instacart.com/privacy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Instacart Privacy

###  1\. _Information you provide to us or allow others to provide to us_

At various points in the Instacart experience, you may provide us with information about yourself. For example, when you create an account through the Services, you provide us with personal information like your name, email address, and zip or postal code. And if you place an order through the Services, we collect information including your address, phone number, birth date (for alcohol orders, where available), credit card information, and the details of your order. Your account information may be updated or corrected by accessing your account settings. 

If you use the Services for prescription delivery (where available), the third- party pharmacy processing your prescription will provide to your name, address, email address, birth date, phone number, the total amount being charged to you for the prescription drug product(s), and sales tax information for the prescription drug product(s) (if applicable). The third-party pharmacy will also share whether or not the prescription drug product you have ordered requires temperature control. If a prescription drug product delivered to you through the Services has been recalled, the third-party pharmacy will share your name, email address, the date of the prescription drug product order, and the total amount to be refunded to you with Instacart. The pharmacy will not disclose to us the name, quantity, manufacturer or distributor of the prescription drug you have ordered or any other PHI about you other than your status as a patient of the pharmacy. 

If you log into the Services through a third-party service, both we and that third-party may receive some information about you and your use of the services. For example, if you choose to log into the Services with your Facebook account, we may receive information from Facebook, such as your name, e-mail address, public profile information, and information about your contacts. We may also offer social sharing tools (such as the Facebook “Like” button) that let you share actions on the Services with other websites and vice versa. In those cases, the providers of those tools may receive information about you when you use those tools. You should check the privacy policies of these third party services and your settings there for more information. 

If you wish to invite your friends and contacts to use the Services, we will give you the option of either entering in their contact information manually or, for United States residents, importing it from your address books on other third party services. In both cases, we will store this information for the sole purposes of allowing you to send your friends referral offers, for determining whether your friends use the Services after a referral is sent, and, for United States residents, to remind your friends of the referral sent on your behalf. 

Our partners may let us collect information about use of their sites/apps or share such information with us. For example, if you use an Instacart button or widget on another site or app, we may receive information about your use of that button or widget and the third-party site/app. 

Our Services are not intended for children under 13 years of age, and we do not knowingly collect personal information from children under the age of 13. If we obtain actual knowledge that any information we collect has been provided by a child under the age of 13, we will delete that information. 

###  2\. _Technical information about usage of the Services_

When you use the Services, either through a browser or mobile app, we automatically receive some technical information about the hardware and software that is being used. 

####  Cookies, Pixels, and Other Tracking Technologies: 

We, our partners, our advertisers, and third party advertising networks use various technologies to collect information, including but not limited to cookies, pixels, scripts, and device identifiers. Cookies are small text files that are sent by your computer when you access our services through a browser. We, our partners, our advertisers, and third party advertising networks may use session cookies (which expire when you close your browser), persistent cookies (which expire when you choose to clear them from your browser), pixels, scripts, and other identifiers to collect information from your browser or device that helps us do things such as understand how you use our services and other services; personalize your experience; measure, manage, and display advertising on the Services or on other services; understand your usage of the Services and other services in order to serve customized ads and remember that you are logged into the Services. By using your browser settings, you may block cookies or adjust settings for notifications when a cookie is set. 

We employ some third-party services to help us understand the usage of the Services and the performance of advertising, and these third-parties may also deploy cookies, pixels, or other identifiers on the Services or collect information through our mobile applications. For example, we use Google Analytics to understand, in a non-personal way, how users interact with various portions of the Services -- you can [learn more about information that Google may collect here](http://www.google.com/policies/privacy/). 

#### Log information:

When you use the Services, our servers will record information about your usage of the Services and information that is sent by your browser or device. Log information can include things like the IP address of your device, information about the browser, operating system and/or app you are using, unique device identifiers, pages that you navigate to and links that you click, searches that you run on the Services, and other ways you interact with the Services. If you are logged into the Services, this information is stored with your account information. 

#### Interest-Based or Online Behavioral Advertising:

Instacart may use third-party advertising companies to serve interest-based advertisements to you. These companies compile information from various online sources (including mobile-enabled browsers and applications) to match you with ads that will be the most relevant, interesting, and timely for you. If you would like to opt-out of interest-based advertising, please visit <http://optout.networkadvertising.org/#/> . Please note that you will be opted out of all interest-based advertising from all business members of the Network Advertising Initiative for that specific browser on that specific device. If you opt-out, you may continue to see Instacart’s or our partners’ online advertisements; however, these ads will not be as relevant to you. 
