> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the instant.ly privacy policy that was archived on 2013-03-10. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20130310160407id_/https%3A//www.instant.ly/privacy-policy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy Policy | Instant.ly™

Thank you for your interest in the website and service located at **_www.instant.ly_** (the “Website”) owned, operated, licensed or controlled by United Sample Inc. (collectively “uSamp,” “we,” “our” or “us”). The terms “you,” “your” and “yours” refer to anyone accessing, viewing, browsing, visiting or using the Website, including survey creators and survey respondents. The use of information collected through our service shall be limited to the purpose of providing the service for which a client has engaged uSamp. In addition to Instant.ly, uSamp offers a variety of products and services. Many of those other products and services are governed by separate terms of use and privacy policies. 

Your personal privacy is important to us. This Privacy Policy, effective May 18, 2012, explains what personal information we collect every time you visit the Website, how we collect and how we use your personal information. Please read this Privacy Policy carefully, and if you have any questions, please feel free to contact us. By visiting the Website, you consent to the collection and use of your personal information as outlined in this Privacy Policy. 

uSamp has been awarded TRUSTe's Privacy Seal signifying that this privacy policy and practices have been reviewed by TRUSTe for compliance with TRUSTe’s [Program Requirements](http://www.truste.com/privacy-program-requirements/program_requirements_website_privacy.html) and the [TRUSTed Cloud Program Requirements](http://www.truste.com/privacy-program-requirements/trusted-cloud/index.html) including transparency, accountability and choice regarding the collection and use of your personal information. TRUSTe's mission, as an independent third party, is to accelerate online trust among consumers and organizations globally through its leading privacy trustmark and innovative trust solutions. If you have questions or complaints regarding our privacy policy or practices, please contact us at [support@instant.ly](mailto:support@instant.ly) or call us at 1-800-577-3621. If you are not satisfied with our response you can contact [TRUSTe here](http://watchdog.truste.com/pvr.php?page=complaint). 

With respect to the services covered under this Privacy Policy, uSamp complies with the U.S. - E.U. Safe Harbor framework and the U.S. - Swiss Safe Harbor framework as set forth by the U.S. Department of Commerce regarding the collection, use, and retention of personal data from European Union member countries and Switzerland. uSamp has certified that it adheres to the Safe Harbor Privacy Principles of notice, choice, onward transfer, security, data integrity, access, and enforcement. To learn more about the Safe Harbor program, and to view uSamp’s certification, please visit <http://www.export.gov/safeharbor/>. 

### WHAT PERSONAL INFORMATION DO WE COLLECT? AND WHY?

**General.** We collect only personally identifiable information when users specifically and knowingly disclose to us. If you disclose your personal information, we will only store and use such information that we need to meet your requests and our legitimate business objectives. Except as set forth in this Privacy Policy, we do not trade, share, rent, sell or give away information concerning you to third parties. 

**Account Information.** We do not require you to provide your personally identifying information in order for you to access, open or browse the Website. However, to use features on the Website (such as creating surveys or responding to surveys), we may require you to register to open a user account and provide personally identifying information about yourself. We will also collect personally identifying information from you should you wish to request a quote from us. Under those circumstances, we may collect information including, without limitation, your name, email address and phone number. In addition, if you make a purchase from the Website, we will require you to provide your billing information, which will be used strictly for billing purposes. 

**Contact Information.** We use your contact information to facilitate and improve your use of the Website and to comply with any requirements of law. We do not sell and will not divulge your contact information to third parties other than as specified in this Privacy Policy, unless we are legally entitled or obliged to do so. We may also use your email address or other contact information you provide us to contact you with regard to your account such as to send you Website-related information including updates or changes to the Website and to correspond with you about any questions or concerns you have brought to our attention. You may also receive automated messages regarding the Website and information about our products and services that we think will interest you. You may opt-out of receiving notifications from us by following the instructions contained in our e-mails. Despite your indicated e-mail preferences, we may send you notices of any updates to our Terms of Use or Privacy Policy. 

**Respondent Information.** As a respondent to a survey, we will use your email address (and other contact information, if necessary) to invite you to participate in surveys and to conduct surveys, but as with all personal information, we do not sell and will not divulge your information to third parties other than as specified herein. In addition, we will not use your information for any purposes other than conducting surveys, unless you have previously authorized us to do so. 

uSamp collects information under the direction of its clients, and has no direct relationship with the individuals whose personal data it processes. uSamp works with its clients to help them provide notice to their customers concerning the purpose for which personal information is collected. 

**Respondent Data.** The Website collects and stores all survey responses and data but does not, and will not, disclose or sell such information to third parties other than as specified herein. However, the creator of each survey owns, and is ultimately responsible for the privacy of, the content of such survey and the data obtained pursuant to such survey. Therefore, you should contact the survey creator to request his, her or its policies regarding the privacy of survey responses and other survey data. All questions regarding a particular survey should be directed to the creator of such survey. 

**Access to Respondent Data.** uSamp has no direct relationship with the individuals whose personal data it processes. An individual who seeks access, or who seeks to correct, amend, or delete inaccurate data should direct their query to uSamp’s Client (the data controller). If the Client requests uSamp to remove the data, we will respond to their request within 30 business days. 

**Correspondence.** If you contact us to provide feedback, comments or inputs or for any other reason, we may keep a record of that correspondence and collect your personal information to process your inquiries, respond to your requests and improve our services. 

**Your Access.** If you supply us with your personal contact information, you may later access it, update it, modify it and delete any inaccuracies. Please note that we generally keep a copy of the previous personal contact information for our records. We aim to keep our information about you as accurate as possible. If you would like to review or change the details you have supplied us with, you may do so at any time by accessing your account on the Website or by contacting us at support@instant.ly. You may also choose simply not to provide your personal contact information at the point of collection; however, you will not be able to register. We will respond to requests for access within 30 business days. 

**Data Retention.** We will retain your information for as long as your account is active or as needed to provide you services. We will retain and use your information as necessary to comply with our legal obligations, resolve disputes, and enforce our agreements. 

**Aggregated General Information.** We may share aggregated general information about our Website with our corporate partners, investors, advertisers or others. Aggregate general information includes without limitation the number of users of the Website or the Services, revenue including payments by the users, usage statistics, user feedback. Aggregated general information does not include any personally identifying information that could be used to contact or identify you. 

**Community Forums.** We organize and offer community forums (e.g., chat rooms, bulletin boards and discussion groups) on the Website. These forums are provided as a service to our users and customers to help them exchange ideas, tips, and information related to our products and services. You have to register to use community forums as part of which you may be required to provide us your name and e-mail address. We may use this information to contact you in relation to your use of the community forums. Please be advised that information that you post on or through the community forums is generally accessible to, and may be collected and used by others and may result in unsolicited messages or other contact from others. To request removal of your personal information from our blog or community forum, contact us via the information below. In some cases, we may not be able to remove your personal information, in which case we will let you know if we are unable to do so and why. In addition, please be advised that, by posting information on or through the community forums, you are granting us a worldwide license to use and reproduce all posted information (please see our Terms of Use for additional information regarding this license). Users of the website are encouraged to exercise caution when providing personal information about themselves in public or community forums. 

**Newsletters.** When you sign up for our service we will use your name and email address to send you information regarding updates to our product and information about our products we think will be of interest to you. If you wish to no longer receive our newsletters you may follow the unsubscribe mechanism contained in each of the emails you receive. 

**Social Media Connect.** When using our service we provide you with the option to promote your surveys using social media sign-in services. These services will authenticate your identity and provide you the option to share certain personal information with us such as your name and email address to allow you to promote your surveys on your social media pages. Services like these give you the option to post information about your activities on this to your profile page to share with others within your network. 

### WHAT NON-PERSONAL INFORMATION DO WE COLLECT? AND WHY?

In many cases, we will automatically collect certain non-personal information about your use of the Website that includes, among other things, information concerning date and time of your visit, the pages of the Website that you visited, your path through the Website, your IP address, the type of browser and operating system you are using and, and the third-party web sites or advertisements linked to or from the Website that you visited. For this purpose, we may use cookies, clear gifs, frames, server log analysis and other technology. Information, pertaining to your visits to the Website, collected through these technologies will be anonymous unless you provide, or have provided, us with personal information. Any information collected through the use of these technologies will be handled according to this Privacy Policy. 

We may use this information to improve the quality of the Website and to better understand how users interact with the Website. In addition, we use this information to comply with any requirements of law, or serve, or have a third party serve, specialized or relevant advertising content and/or recommendations to you on the Website or on a third party’s website; and for internal purposes. We may also use this information for system administration and troubleshooting, ensuring user compliance with our terms of service, investigating security breaches and compiling anonymous non-personal information such as how many users visited the Website. Additionally, when you log into your Account, your system specifications such as operating system, system configuration, etc. may be collected by us for the purposes of analyzing and optimizing your experience and customer service. 

**Navigational Data.** As you browse our Website, we may gather navigational data that shows what pages are visited and how long various features are used. This information will not reveal your identity or be linked to you personally. We use this information to complete, support and analyze users’ purchases from us; to facilitate and improve use of the Website; to comply with any requirements of law; to serve, or have a third party serve specialized or relevant advertising content and/or recommendations to you on the Website or on a third party’s website (If you wish to not have this information used for the purpose of serving you targeted ads, you may opt-out by clicking [here](http://preferences.truste.com/). Please note this does not opt you out of being served advertising. You will continue to receive generic ads.); for internal purposes; and to determine any commissions due our Affiliates. This information may be disclosed only to our staff and to third parties involved in the completion of your transaction, the delivery of your order, and the analysis and support of your use of the Website. We may from time to time supply the owners or operators of third party sites from which it is possible to link to our Website with information relating to the number of users linking to our Website from their sites. You cannot be identified from this information. 

**Cookies.** The Website may contain “cookies.” Cookies are bits of electronic information generated by web servers and stored on your hard drive when you visit practically any website on the Internet. Cookies are often used to differentiate users, store user preferences and track user trends in general. We may use cookies to improve the quality of the Website and to better understand how users interact with the Website. We do not and cannot use cookies to retrieve individual personally identifying information about you from your computer unless you knowingly and willingly provide such information. You can adjust your web browser security settings to refuse all cookies or to indicate when a cookie is being sent. However, if you disable the use of cookies in your web browser, some features of the Website we offer may not function properly. 

The use of cookies by our partners, affiliates, tracking utility company, service providers is not covered by our privacy statement. We do not have access or control over these cookies. 

**IP Addresses and System Specifications.** When you access Website, our servers may record your IP address. We may use IP addresses for system administration and troubleshooting, ensuring user compliance with our terms of service, investigating security breaches and compiling anonymous non-personal information such as how many users visited the Website. Additionally, when you log into your Account, your system specifications such as operating system, system configuration, etc. may be collected by us for the purposes of analyzing and optimizing your experience and customer service. 

**Social Media Features and Widgets.** Our Web site includes Social Media Features, such as the Facebook Like button and Widgets, such as the Share this button or interactive mini-programs that run on our site. These Features may collect your IP address, which page you are visiting on our site, and may set a cookie to enable the Feature to function properly. Social Media Features and Widgets are either hosted by a third party or hosted directly on our Site. Your interactions with these Features are governed by the privacy policy of the company providing it. 

### HOW DO WE SHARE THE INFORMATION THAT WE COLLECT?

**Personal Information**

Personal information which we collect for a particular purpose will only be saved and used for that purpose, unless you have agreed to allow us to use it for some other purpose, as described in this Privacy Policy. For example, if you provide your personal information in connection with a request for customer support, we will use your personal information to contact you regarding such request. In sum, we use your personal information to provide you with our services, monitor and improve our services, enforce the Website’s polices and terms, prevent undesirable, abusive or illegal activities and to create new or improved services and products. We will not contact you with marketing solicitations or for promotional purposes, unless you have previously elected to opt-in to receive such communications. From time-to-time we may disclose your personal information to certain third party service providers and/or contractors of the uSamp. For example, we may provide your billing information to one of our payment processors, your name and email address to our email service provider to send you emails on our behalf or to our customer support provider to assist you with questions you may have through email and live chat software. However, uSamp uses commercially reasonable contractual and technical protections in an effort to ensure that your information will only be used by such service providers and/or contractors for the particular purpose for which it was disclosed. Generally, we will only disclose your personal information to third parties when (i) we have given you notice of such disclosure (e.g., this privacy policy), and (ii) we have obtained your express consent to disclose (e.g., when you opt-in to disclosure). 

**Survey Data**

As a creator of a survey, we treat your survey data as if it were your personal information. As such, we store survey data on your behalf but will not disclose survey data unless you have specifically authorized us to do so. In addition, we do not and will not sell survey data to third parties. 

We encourage you to download and backup your survey data. However, once you have downloaded your survey data, it is your duty to protect your copy of your survey data. In addition, you should diligently protect your account information and refrain from disclosing such information to any third parties, as uSamp is not responsible for any survey data downloaded by an unauthorized user of your account. 

As a respondent to a survey, please note that, as previously discussed herein, the survey creator is ultimately responsible for the privacy of your survey data. Consequently, you should consider the privacy risks involved before providing any personal information or data in a response to a survey that could be used to identify you. 

**Non-Personal Information**

We sometimes share non-personal information with third parties about our user base, but that information does not include any personally identifiable information. We may use non-personal information to learn what you like, tailor your experience accordingly, and to improve the Website and our other products. 

**Law Enforcement**

We may disclose your personally identifiable information or otherwise use such information to communicate with you if required or permitted to do so by law or in the good-faith belief that such action is necessary to: (i) conform to legal requirements or comply with legal process or any governmental request; (ii) protect and defend the rights or property of uSamp or its affiliated companies, licensors or licensees; (iii) enforce the user agreements applicable to your use of the Website; or (iv) protect the personal safety or interests of uSamp’s employees, other users of the Website, or members of the public in urgent circumstances. We may also disclose any of your personal information to law enforcement or other appropriate third parties in connection with criminal investigations, investigation of fraud, infringement of intellectual property rights, or other suspected illegal activities, or as otherwise may be required by applicable law, or, as we deem necessary in our sole discretion, in order to protect the legitimate legal and business interests of uSamp. 

In the event uSamp goes through a business transition, such as a merger, acquisition by another company, or sale of all or a portion of its assets, your personally identifiable information will likely be among the assets transferred. You will be notified via a prominent notice on our Web site for 30 days of any such change in ownership or control of your personal information. 

### TESTIMONIALS

We post customer testimonials on our web site which may contain personally identifiable information. We do obtain the customer's consent via email prior to posting the testimonial to post their name along with their testimonial. If you wish to request the removal of your testimonial please contact via the information below. 

### EXTERNAL LINKS AND ADVERTISEMENTS

The Website may contain third-party advertisements and links to other websites. These other sites and advertisements maintain their own policies regarding cookies and the collection and use of personal information. We assume no responsibility or liability for the actions of such third parties with respect to their collection or use of your information. We encourage you to read the privacy policies of every website that you visit through a link on the Website. 

### CHILDREN’S PRIVACY

The Website complies with the Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act. We do not collect information from anyone under 13 years of age and our website, products and services are all directed to people who are at least 13 years old or older. 

### INFORMATION FOR PARENTS/GUARDIANS

As a parent or guardian you can request that we remove the personal information of your child that was submitted without your consent or by misrepresenting his or her age. At your request, we will take reasonable steps to remove such information from our database. All such requests should include the same user name, password, and e-mail address that your child submitted and should be sent to support@instant.ly. 

### SECURITY

We offer secure web pages to collect certain kinds of user information and we store certain kinds of data in encrypted form. We follow reasonable technical and management practices to help protect the confidentiality, security and integrity of data stored on our system. While no computer system is completely secure, we believe the measures implemented by our Website reduce the likelihood of security problems to a level appropriate to the type of data involved. We employ physical, electronic and procedural safeguards in connection with the collection, storage and disclosure of any personal contact information. When you enter sensitive information (such as a credit card number or login credentials) on our pages or forms, we encrypt the transmission of that information using secure socket layer technology (SSL). If you have any questions regarding which measures and techniques we use, feel free to contact us at the information below. 

### CHANGES TO PRIVACY POLICY

This Privacy Policy is subject to change without notice. We may change our policy at any time by posting a new version of it on the Website. Please check the Website regularly for information about revisions to this Privacy Policy. In the event that we change our Privacy Policy, such changes will affect all of the information we collect after any such change. If we make any material changes we will notify you by means of a prominent notice on this Site prior to the change becoming effective. We encourage you to periodically review this page for the latest information on our privacy practices. 

### QUESTIONS AND COMMENTS

If you have any questions or comments about this Privacy Policy, you may contact us at [support@instant.ly](mailto:support@instant.ly) or via postal mail at: 

16501 Ventura Blvd, Suite 250  
Encino, California, USA, 91436 
