> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the instamojo.com privacy policy that was archived on 2012-12-29. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20121229123108id_/http%3A//www.instamojo.com/p/privacy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy -- Instamojo

## Privacy

Urbanpotion Technologies Private Limited, (‘Instamojo’, ‘We’, ‘Our’) is committed to protecting your privacy and ensuring you have a positive experience on our website, www.instamojo.com (“Website”). This policy outlines our personal information handling practices for both online and offline data. If you give us personal information, we will treat it according to this policy. By accessing or using our Website you acknowledge that you have read and agree to be bound to the terms of this Privacy Policy and Website Terms of Service.

We encourage you to read this policy to ensure you understand Instamojo's privacy practices.

**We adhere to the following principles to protect your privacy:** We do not rent or sell your personally identifiable information to third parties for any purposes. Except as required to perform the Services, we share your contact information with another User or third party only upon your consent. Any personally identifiable information that you provide will be secured with industry standard protocols and technology. 

We reserve the right to modify this privacy statement at any time, so please review it frequently. If we make material changes to this policy, we will notify you by means of a notice on our home page. By continuing to use the Service after notice of changes has been published on the Website, you are consenting to the changes.

**1\. Personal Information collected:**  


We collect your personal information in the following ways when personally submitted by on the Website:

**a. Registration:** In order to be a registered user and use the Services, you must first create an account on our Website. To create an account you are required to provide the following information, which you recognize and expressly acknowledge as personal information allowing others, including Instamojo to identify you: name, User ID, email address, country, ZIP/postal code, age, phone number, password chosen by you and valid financial account information. Other information requested on our Registration page, including the ability to receive promotional offers. We may, in future, include other optional requests for information from you to help us to customize the Website to deliver personalized information to you. Without your consent, we will not share, rent or sell any personal information with third parties in any way other than what is disclosed in this privacy statement.   


**b. Instamojo Payment System:** Our Payment Service requires Users to pay with a credit card, debit card or net banking. We will collect your credit card number and/or other financial institution information such as bank account numbers and will use that information for the billing and payment processes, including but not limited to the use and disclosure of such credit card number and information to third parties as necessary to complete such billing operation. Verification of credit information, however, is accomplished solely by the User through the authentication process. We will share your personal information as necessary for third parties to provide some of these services, only after previously notifying you about such requirement. These companies do not retain, share, store or use personally identifiable information for any other purposes

**c. Log files, IP addresses and information about your computer:** Due to the communications standards on the Internet, when you visit the Website we automatically receive the URL of the site from which you came and the site to which you are going when you leave the Website. We also receive the Internet protocol (IP) address of your computer (or the proxy server you use to access the World Wide Web), your computer operating system and type of web browser you are using, email patterns, as well as the name of your ISP. This information is used to analyze overall trends to help us improve the Instamojo service. The linkage between your IP address and your personally identifiable information is not shared with third-parties without your permission or except when required by law.  


**d. Cookies and Web Beacons:** Like most websites, Instamojo uses cookies and web log files to track site usage. We use cookies to improve the quality of our service by storing User preferences and tracking User trends. Instamojo does not store personally identifiable information in the cookies.

**e. Processing information about you and modification of such information:** All the information you provide Instamojo, including sensitive personal information, is voluntary. You have the right to withdraw your consent at any time, by providing us written intimation of such intention, in accordance with the terms of this Privacy Policy and the Terms of Service, but please note that your withdrawal of consent will not be retroactive. You can access, modify, correct and eliminate the data about you which has been collected pursuant to your decision to become a User. If you update any of your information, we may keep a copy of the information which you originally provided to us in our archives for uses documented herein. We take your rights seriously and encourage you to use them if you deem this to be appropriate. You may exercise these rights by emailing us at [support@instamojo.com](mailto:support@instamojo.com).  


**f. External links:** This Privacy Policy applies to web sites and services that are owned and operated by Instamojo. We do not exercise control over the sites displayed as search results or links from within our various services. These other sites may place their own cookies or other files on your computer, collect data or solicit personal information from you, for which Urbanpotion is not responsible or liable. We encourage you to read the privacy policies of that website.

**2\. Uses of Personal Information:** We will not share your Personally Identifiable Information with other parties except as provided below. Other information that does not personally identify you as an individual, is collected by the Website from Users (such as, patterns of utilization described above) and is exclusively owned by Instamojo. This information can be utilized by Instamojo in such manner as Instamojo, in its sole discretion, deems appropriate.

**a. Sharing your information with Certified third party service provider and Government Authorities:** We provide some of our services and products through third parties. We may also collect personal information from individuals and companies (“Affiliates”) with whom we have business relationships and may have to also share their information with Service Providers to accomplish our administrative tasks. For example, when you order a service, we release your credit card information to the card-issuing bank to confirm payment for the service and, if applicable, release your address to the delivery service to deliver the service. Likewise, we may release an Affiliate’s information to our bank to send out a payment. However, the use of your Personally Identifiable Information by such parties is governed by the privacy policies of such parties and is not subject to our control.

**b. Communication and Update:** Instamojo will communicate with you through email and notices posted on the the Website or through other means available through the service, including text and other forms of messaging. You can change your e-mail and contact preferences at any time by logging into your “Account” and change the account settings.

**c. Legal Disclaimer:** It is possible that we may need to disclose personal information when required by law, such as responses to civil or criminal subpoenas, or other requests by law enforcement personnel. We will disclose such information wherein we have a good-faith belief that it is necessary to comply with a court order, ongoing judicial proceeding, subpoena, or other legal process or request to Instamojo brought in any country throughout the world, or to exercise our legal rights or defend against legal claims.

**d. Disclosures to others:** We may also disclose your personal and other information you provide, to other third parties as part of reorganization or a sale of the assets of Instamojo corporation division or company. Any third party to which we transfer or sell Instamojo’s assets will have the right to continue to use the personal and other information that you provide to us.

**e. Other uses:** Providing Services to users, including the display of the Content; Auditing, research and analysis in order to maintain, protect and improve our services; Ensuring the technical functioning of our network; and Developing new services. 

**f. Disclosure of non-personally identifiable information:** We may disclose or share non-personally identifiable information with partners and affiliates. We may track and analyze Website usage and other statistical information to administer our Website and constantly improve its quality. We may also publish this information for promotional purposes or as a representative audience for advertisers. 

**3\. Your choice in managing your information**

**a. Closing your account:** You can also close your account on the Website. On closure, we will remove your name and other personally identifiable information from our database. We may retain certain data contributed by you if we believe it may be necessary to prevent fraud or future abuse, or for legitimate business purposes, such as analysis of aggregated, non-personally identifiable data, account recovery, or if required by law. To request that we close your account and remove your information from the website, please send your request to [support@instamojo.com](mailto:support@instamojo.com) We encourage you to promptly update your personally identifiable information if it changes. You may ask to have the information on your account deleted or removed; however, because we keep track of past transactions, you cannot delete information associated with past transactions on the Website. In addition, in may be impossible for us to completely delete all of your information because we periodically backup information.

**b. Retrieval of information:** Instamojo internally has a process on information security and your information being accessed only by those who are authorized. In situations where you accidentally delete your information and would like to retrieve, then the core team may but shall not be obligated to access the stored database and recover the same. Please be aware that this team may have to go through your personal information in order to restore the information sought by you.

**c. Other Administrative activities:** As a condition of use of the Services, we will send you administrative and promotional emails. We will send you information regarding your account activity and purchases as well as updates about our products and promotional offers. You cannot opt-out of administrative emails. “Administrative Emails” relate to a User’s activity on the Website, and include emails regarding a particular User’s account, requests or inquiries, and purchases of products and services. In contrast to Administrative Emails, however, you do have a choice with respect to Promotional Emails. Promotional Emails advertise our products and services, including exclusive sales and other offers, and/or the products and services of our Advertisers and Affiliates. If you do not want to receive Promotional Emails from us, you may elect to opt-out of receiving Promotional Emails at any time after registering by e-mailing us at [support@instamojo.com](mailto:support@instamojo.com), by writing to us at the address contained herein, or by hitting the “unsubscribe” button at the bottom of any of our e-mails. When contacting us, please indicate your name, address, email address, and what Promotional Emails you do not want to receive.

**4\. Information Security:** We take security seriously and take numerous precautions to protect the security of personally identifiable information. You can access your personally identifiable information on our Website through a password and your email address. This password is encrypted. We recommend that you do not share your password with anyone. In addition, your Personally Identifiable Information resides on a secure server that only selected personnel and contractors have access to.

Unfortunately, no data transmission over the Internet or any wireless network can be guaranteed to be 100% secure. As a result, while we employ commercially reasonable security measures to protect data and seek to partner with companies which do the same, we cannot guarantee the security of any information transmitted to or from the Website, and are not responsible for the actions of any third parties that may receive any such information We take appropriate security measures to protect against unauthorized access to or unauthorized alteration, disclosure or destruction of data. These include internal reviews of our data collection, storage and processing practices and security measures, as well as physical security measures to guard against unauthorized access to systems where we store personal data.

**5\. Users Obligations:**

a. You must, at all times, respect the terms and conditions of the then-current Privacy Policy and the User Agreement. This includes respecting all intellectual property rights which may belong to third parties. 

b. You must not download or otherwise disseminate any information which may be deemed to be injurious, violent, offensive, racist or xenophobic or which may otherwise violate the purpose and spirit of Instamojo and its community of Users. 

c. You must not provide information to Instamojo and /or other Users which you believe might be injurious or detrimental to your person, professional or social status. Any violation of these guidelines may lead to the restriction, suspension or termination of your account by Instamojo, as we take these principles seriously and consider them to be the basis on which our Users adhere to the Website and the services which it offers.

**6\. Changes to this Privacy Policy:** Instamojo may update this privacy policy at any time, with or without advance notice. In the event there are significant changes in the way we treat your personally identifiable information, we will display a notice on the website or send you an email, as provided for above. Unless stated otherwise, our current Privacy Policy applies to all information that we have about you and your account. If you use the Service after notice of changes have been sent to you or published on our site, you hereby provide your consent to the changed practices.

**7\. Contact details:** If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, please feel free to contact us at [privacy@instamojo.com](mailto:privacy@instamojo.com). 

Last update: November 5, 2012
