> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the ezwpthemes.com privacy policy that was archived on 2015-12-22. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20151222072822id_/http%3A//www.ezwpthemes.com/privacy-policy.html) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy Policy

The Privacy Policy will apply to **EZWPThemes.com** (the "Website"), which is owned by EZWPThemes (the "Company"). Company and its subsidiary companies respect the privacy rights of our website visitors and recognize the importance of protecting the information collected. We have adopted a corporate wide Privacy Policy that guides how we collect, store and use the information you provide online. Please note that this policy applies only to EZWPThemes.com maintained by Company and its subsidiaries, and not to websites maintained by other companies or organizations to which we link. If you have questions or concerns regarding this statement, you should first contact Company at the Contact US page or postal address specified on the DMCA page. 

**Collection of Information and USE:**

When you visit the Website, our servers automatically record information that your browser sends whenever you visit a website as Log Data. This Log Data may include information such as your IP address, browser type or the domain from which you are visiting, the websites you visit, the search terms you use, and any advertisements on which you click. For most users accessing the Internet from an Internet service provider the IP address will be different every time you log on. We use Log Data to monitor the use of the Website and of our Service, and for the Website's technical administration. We do not associate your IP address with any other personally identifiable information to identify you personally, except in case of violation of the Terms of Service. 

We use cookies and other technologies to passively collect demographic information, personalize your experience on our site and monitor advertisements and other activities. Cookies are small files downloaded to your computer to track movements within web sites. We may link cookie information to personal information. Cookies link to information regarding what items you have selected for purchase at our store or pages you have viewed. This information is used to keep track of your shopping cart and make sure you don't see the same ad repeatedly. Also, we use cookies to deliver content specific to your interest and to monitor Website usage. Some of our sites use an outside ad company to display ads. These ads may contain cookies. Our ad companies collect cookies received with banner ads, and Company does not have access to this information. Most browsers are automatically set to accept cookies whenever you visit a website. You can disable cookies or set your browser to alert you when cookies are being sent. However some areas of our sites will not function properly if you do so. Please note that this privacy policy covers the use of cookies by Company only and does not cover the use of cookies by any advertisers. 

Users may register for other services from our Website. Certain products and/or services available on our Website are provided to you in partnership with third parties' and may require you to disclose personally identifiable information in order to register for and access such products and/or services. Such products and/or services shall identify the third party partners at the point of registration. If you elect to register for such products and/or services, your personally identifiable information will be transferred to such third parties' and will be subject to the privacy policy and practices of such third parties'. We are not responsible for the privacy practices and policies of such third parties' and, therefore, you should review the privacy practices and policies of such third parties' prior to providing your personally identifiable information in connection with such products and/or services. 

We engage certain trusted third parties to perform functions and provide services to us, including, without limitation, hosting and maintenance, customer relationship, database storage and management, and direct marketing campaigns. We will share your personally identifiable information with these third parties, but only to the extent necessary to perform these functions and provide such services, and only pursuant to binding contractual obligations requiring such third parties to maintain the privacy and security of your data. 

We may sell, transfer or otherwise share some or all of its assets, including your personally identifiable information, in connection with a merger, acquisition, reorganization or sale of assets or in the event of bankruptcy. You will have the opportunity to opt out of any such transfer if the new entity's planned processing of your information differs materially from that set forth in this Privacy Policy. 
