> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the wowd.com privacy policy that was archived on 2010-11-29. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20101129123328id_/http%3A//www.wowd.com/privacy.jsp) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Wowd real-time search: Discover what's popular right now

## Contact

Wowd, Inc.

261 Hamilton Ave, Suite 208

Palo Alto, CA 94301

USA

T: +1.650.353.2665

| 

### The Wowd Privacy Pledge

1\. The Wowd software will not share any data from your local file system. The Wowd software does not look at your local file system, only at web pages that are displayed in your browser.

2\. The Wowd software will not track your personal behavior. Wowd, as a company, doesn't have access to this information. None of the data that is added to the Wowd system from your machine will be associated with you as a user or with your computer's IP address.

3\. The Wowd software will not keep track of the searches you perform within the Wowd system. Wowd, as a company, doesn't maintain logs of what its users are searching for, or how they use the system.

4\. The Wowd software provides you with a way to browse and search within your own web browsing history. However, all of your history data is kept only on your own computer. None of it is published or shared with anyone, not even with Wowd, the company. This means that you can store and search your web history without having your privacy compromised.

5\. The Wowd software will not capture or transmit from your computer the contents of "private pages", including:

a. Secure pages, e.g. those with "https:" in the URL. This includes most financial institutions.

b. Pages that require some form of login to access. This includes such sites as Yahoo Mail, GMail, Facebook, etc.

c. Pages that provide time-limited access to their content.

d. Pages from sites that you have designated as "private".

6\. The Wowd software gives you complete control over what is shared from your computer. You can specify a set of sites for which no data will ever be shared. You can do this by using "blacklist" in the Wowd software settings page.

### Wowd, Inc. Privacy Policy

This Privacy Policy was last updated: March 30, 2009.

This Privacy Policy is effective as of: April 2, 2009.

Thank you for visiting Wowd, Inc.'s ("Wowd") Internet web site located at the URL: www.wowd.com ("Site"). This Privacy Policy details certain policies implemented throughout Wowd governing Wowd's use of personally identifiable information about users of our Site and users of Wowd Personal Search Client Software downloaded from the Site ("Software") and search services available through this Site ("Services").

Wowd provides users of its Software, Site and Services with the ability to connect to a people-powered search, discovery, and recommendation system and search result listings generated by other users of the Software, Site and Services. Wowd's technology uses a portion of your computer's hardware resources to perform its computations. Wowd will only use (a) data on your computer in accordance with the Wowd Privacy Pledge located at the following URL: [http://www.wowd.com/privacy.jsp#pledge](https://web.archive.org/web/20101129123328id_/http%3A//www.wowd.com/privacy.jsp#pledge) ("Privacy Pledge") and (b) your personal information that you submit to Wowd in accordance with this Privacy Policy and any specific privacy terms that are referenced herein. The Wowd Privacy Pledge and any special privacy terms are hereby incorporated by reference into the Privacy Policy.

**Privacy Policy Updates**

Due to the Internet's rapidly evolving nature, Wowd may need to update this Privacy Policy from time to time. If so, Wowd will post our updated Privacy Policy on the Site located at the following URL: [http://www.wowd.com/privacy.jsp#policy](https://web.archive.org/web/20101129123328id_/http%3A//www.wowd.com/privacy.jsp#policy) and post notice of the change for a reasonable period afterwards. Wowd encourages you to review this Privacy Policy regularly for any changes. Your continued use of the Site, Software, Services and/or continued provision of personally identifiable information to us will be subject to the terms of the then-current Privacy Policy.

**Information Collection and Use**

You can generally visit our Site without revealing any personally identifiable information about yourself. However, in certain sections of this Site, we may require you to click through a "We're launching soon" screen that asks you to provide your e-mail address. Wowd may use your e-mail address to send you an invitation to participate in Wowd's beta program and/or a notice when the Site, Software and Services are made publicly available. Once the Site, Software and Services are publicly launched, however, Wowd will use commercially reasonable efforts to destroy all e-mail addresses that have been collected prior the launch date.

Additionally, we may also collect information about you from the feedback that you voluntarily submit to us through the Site. We may use this feedback to improve the Site, Software and/or Services and/or to improve the content and general administration of the Site and Services.

Wowd collects and uses information through the Software as set forth in the [Privacy Pledge](https://web.archive.org/web/20101129123328id_/http%3A//www.wowd.com/privacy.jsp#pledge).

**Children's Privacy**

Wowd recognizes the privacy interests of children, and Wowd encourages parents and guardians to take an active role in their children's online activities and interests. The Site, Software and Services are not intended for children under the age of 13, Wowd endeavors not to collect any personally identifiable information from children under the age of 13. Wowd targets its Site, Software or the Services to adults and not to children under 13.

**Cookies**

Generally, Wowd does not place any cookies on your computer.

Solely during Wowd's beta program, however, Wowd may use cookies to identify visitors who arrive at the beta version of the Site through a private e-mail invitation sent by Wowd. A cookie is a piece of data stored on the user's hard drive containing information about the user. The cookie allows Wowd to recognize your computer as a returning visitor during the beta program period. Once the Site is publicly launched, however, Wowd will no longer use cookies to identify visitors to the public version of the Site.

**Aggregate Information**

By using the Software, your computer's IP address will be anonymously associated with certain URLs collected and emitted by your computer ("Aggregate Information"). There is no personally identifiable information associated with such URLs. Specifically, neither your name nor email addresses are associated with any Aggregate Information stored or accessed by the Software. Wowd may use this Aggregate Information to improve our products or to provide services or technologies to you.

**Disclosure**

Wowd generally does not provide your personally identifiable information and the data generated by cookies to any third party; provided, however, we will also disclose your personally identifiable information: (a) if we are required to do so by law, regulation or other government authority or otherwise in cooperation with an ongoing investigation of a governmental authority, (b) to enforce the Wowd Terms of Use agreement or to protect our rights or (c) to protect the safety of users of our Site, Software and/or Services. We will not sell your personally identifiable information to any company or organization, except we may transfer your personally identifiable information to a successor entity upon a merger, consolidation or other corporate reorganization in which Wowd participates or to a purchaser or acquirer of all or substantially all of Wowd's assets to which this Site, Software and/or the Services relate.

**Third Party Sites**

The Site, Software and Services provide listings and links to other Web sites or resources over which Wowd does not have control ("External Web Sites"). Such listings and links do not constitute an endorsement by Wowd of those External Web Sites. You acknowledge that Wowd is providing these listings and links to you only as a convenience, and further agree that Wowd is not responsible for the content of such External Web Sites. Your use of External Web Sites is subject to the terms of use and privacy policies located on the linked to External Web Sites.

**Security**

We may employ procedural measures that are reasonably designed to help protect your personally identifiable information from loss, unauthorized access, disclosure, alteration or destruction. Wowd may place internal restrictions on who in the company may access your personally identifiable information to help prevent unauthorized access to your personally identifiable information.

**Notice to users Outside the United States**

Our computer systems are currently based in the United States, so your personal information will be processed by us in the United States where data protection and privacy regulations may not offer the same level of protection as in other parts of the world, such as the European Union. If you use the Site and/or Services as a visitor from outside the United States, by using the Site and/or Services you agree to this Privacy Policy and you consent to the transfer of all such information to the United States, which may not offer an equivalent level of protection of that required in the European Union or certain other countries, and to the processing of that information as described in this Privacy Policy.

If you have any questions regarding this Privacy Policy please contact us via email at: [privacy@wowd.com](mailto:privacy@wowd.com).

| 
