> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the wowmine.com privacy policy that was archived on 2008-06-22. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20080622092420id_/http%3A//www.wowmine.com/privacy-policy.php) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy Policy - WowMine - Secured transaction trusted network of chinese farmers who doesn't use macro to farm Gold. Information are saved with us.

| 

Privacy Policy

#### At WoWMine.com, we are committed to protecting your privacy online. Our pledge is to safeguard any information we collect associated with you and your name, and will make every reasonable effort to use this information only as you request. 

#### **What information do we collect from you? Why?**

#### We May Collect Information Needed to Contact You Later. If we collect personal contact information (as described below), you may later access and modify it, and remove it from our system. You may also choose simply not to provide your personal contact information at the point of collection. 

#### ****We may collect your name, address and phone number****

#### When you use our web Site, we may request your first and last name, home or other physical address, including your street name and address and name of your city or town, your telephone number or other "real world" contact information.

We use this information to complete, support and analyze your purchases from WoWMine.com and use of the WoWMine.com web site, for internal purposes and to comply with any requirements of law. This information may be disclosed to our staff and to third parties involved in the completion of your transaction, the delivery of your order or the analysis and support of your use of the WoWMine.com web site. 

#### **We may collect your email address**

#### We may request your email address, or other information needed to contact you online. We use it to complete, support and analyze your purchases from WoWMine.com and use of the WoWMine.com web site, and to comply with any requirements of law. We use it to respond to any questions you might have and to provide you with information about specials occurring on the WoWMine.com web site if you have chosen this service on the Account Login page. This information may be disclosed to our staff and to third parties involved in the completion of your transaction, the delivery of your order or the analysis and support of your use of the WoWMine.com website. 

#### **We may collect other kinds of information from you**

#### When you use our web site, we may collect personal information about you described below. You may later access and modify the information, or have it removed. You may also simply choose not to provide your personal contact information at the point of collection; however, if you do not provide such information, we will be unable to complete your purchase. 

#### **We may collect purchase information**

#### We may collect information actively generated by the purchase of a product or service, such as a payment method. We use this information to process your order and analyze and support your use of the WoWMine.com web site. This information may be disclosed only to our staff and to third parties involved in the completion of your transaction, the delivery of your order or the analysis and support of your use of the WoWMine.com web site. 

#### **We may collect navigation and clickstream data**

#### As you browse our web site, we may gather navigational and clickstream data that shows what pages are visited and how long various features are used. This information will not reveal your identity or be linked to you personally. We use this information to complete, analyze and support your purchases from WoWMine.com and use of the WoWMine.com web site to comply with any requirements of law and to determine the commissions for our Affiliates. This information may be disclosed only to our staff and to third parties involved in the completion of your transaction, the delivery of your order, and the analysis and support of your use of the WoWMine.com web site. 

#### **We may use third-party advertising companies to serve ads on our behalf**

#### These companies may employ cookies and action tags (also known as single pixel gifs or web beacons) to measure advertising effectiveness. Any information that these third parties collect via cookies and action tags is completely anonymous.

#### **Certain exception disclosures**

#### We may disclose your information if necessary to protect our legal rights, if the information relates to actual or threatened harmful conduct, or WoWMine.com has good faith belief that such action is necessary to (1) conform to the requirements of law or comply with governmental orders, court orders, or legal process served on WoWMine.com or (2) to protect and defend the property or rights of WoWMine.com, the users of its website or the public. This includes exchanging information with other companies and organizations for fraud protection and credit risk protection. 

#### **What are cookies? Why do we use them?**

#### Cookies are very tiny text files that are stored on your computer when you visit certain web pages that record your preferences. WoWMine.com uses cookies to keep track of what you have in your shopping cart and to remember you when you return to our store. They cannot harm your computer and they do not contain any personal or private information. You must accept cookies to shop at WoWMine.com. 

#### **How do we protect information we collect?**

#### We offer secure web pages to collect certain kinds of user information and we store certain kinds of data in encrypted form. We follow reasonable technical and management practices to help protect the confidentiality, security and integrity of data stored on our system. While no computer system is completely secure, we believe the measures implemented by our web site reduce the likelihood of security problems to a level appropriate to the type of data involved. WoWMine.com's servers use Secure Sockets Layer (SSL), an encryption technology that works with Netscape Navigator, Microsoft Internet Explorer, and AOL's browser, so that only WoWMine.com can read a customer's personal information. 

#### **How long do we keep user information?**

#### We generally keep user data on our server or in our archives for as long as we reasonably need it. We may alter this practice according to changing requirements. For example, we may delete some data if needed to free up storage space. We may keep other data for longer periods if the law requires it. In addition, information posted in a public forum could stay in the public domain indefinitely. 

Data management requests are administered in an orderly manner to the extent feasible and within our direct control. Note: we have greater control over recently collected data than for archived data. Once data is removed from the system and archived, it may not be feasible to accommodate specific requests. In those cases, our general data retention policy applies. 

#### **Third party sites**

#### This Site contains links to third party websites. WoWMine.com is not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of such websites. Your use of these third party websites is entirely at your own risk.

#### **Your consent to this policy**

#### By using the WoWMine.com web site, you agree to this Privacy Policy. This is our entire and exclusive Privacy Policy and it supersedes any earlier version. We may change our Privacy Policy by posting a new version of the policy on this page which it is your responsibility to review frequently. 

#### **Legal disclaimer**

#### This Site operates AS-IS and AS-AVAILABLE, without liability of any kind. We are not responsible for events beyond our direct control. This Privacy Policy is governed by United Kingdom law, excluding conflicts of law principles. Any legal actions against us must be commenced in United Kingdom within one year after the claim arose, or be barred. 

#### **If you have a privacy question**

#### If you have a privacy question about the WoWMine.com web site, please email our privacy awareness contact person Carrie Donnic at 

#### 

#### Or write to:

Attn: Ms Carrie Donnic  
Super Continental US LLC (WoWMine.com)   
501 Silverside Road, Suite 105, Wilmington, DE 19809 USA

| 

[](http://support.wowmine.com/)  
[](http://www.ringcentral.com/)

US TOLL-FREE HOTLINE:  
1-800-977-2365  
(1-800-977-BeOK)  
Int. Call:  
+1 (302) 295-6316   


[](https://www.scanalert.com/RatingVerify?ref=www.wowmine.com)

  


|   
---
