> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the lonerwolf.com privacy policy that was archived on 2017-02-07. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20170207000756id_/https%3A//lonerwolf.com/privacy-policy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy Policy ⋆ LonerWolf

#### Privacy Policy for LonerWolf.Com

The privacy of our visitors to LonerWolf is important to us.

At LonerWolf, we recognize that privacy of your personal information is important. Here is information on what types of personal information we receive and collect when you use and visit LonerWolf, and how we safeguard your information. We never sell your personal information to third parties.

#### Log Files

As with most other websites, we collect and use the data contained in log files. The information in the log files include your IP (internet protocol) address, your ISP (internet service provider, such as AOL or Shaw Cable), the browser you used to visit our site (such as Internet Explorer or Firefox), the time you visited our site and which pages you visited throughout our site.

#### Information Automatically Logged

This website uses various web analytics tools (such as Google Analytics) and other measurement tools to help analyze how users use the site. These tools use ‘cookies’, which are text files placed on your computer, to collect standard internet log information and visitor behavior information in an anonymous form. The information generated by the cookie about your use of the website (including your IP address) is transmitted to Google and sometimes other vendors. This information is then used to evaluate visitors use of the website and to compile statistical reports on website activity for yoast.com.

We also use cookies to store your personal preferences when you visit our site. This could include only showing you a popup once in your visit, or the minimization of our toolbar.

We will never (and will not allow any third party) use the statistical analytics tool to track or to collect any personally identifiable information of visitors to our site. The Web Analytics vendors do not associate your IP address with any other data held by them. Neither we nor the Web Analytics Vendors will link, or seek to link, an IP address with the identity of a computer user. We will not associate any data gathered from this site with any personally identifying information from any source, unless you explicitly submit that information via a fill-in form on our website.

LonerWolf uses third party advertisements to support some of the expenses of the site. Some of these advertisers may use technology such as cookies and web beacons when they advertise on our site, which will also send these advertisers (such as Google through the Google AdSense program) information including your IP address, your ISP’s name (Internet Service Provider), the browser you used to visit our site, and in some cases, whether you have Flash installed. This is generally used for geotargeting purposes (showing New York real estate ads to someone in New York, for example) or showing certain ads based on specific sites visited (such as showing cooking ads to someone who frequents cooking sites).

#### DoubleClick DART cookies

We also may use DART cookies for ad serving through Google’s DoubleClick, which places a cookie on your computer when you are browsing the web and visit a site using DoubleClick advertising (including some Google AdSense advertisements). This cookie is used to serve ads specific to you and your interests (“interest based targeting”).

The ads served will be targeted based on your previous browsing history (For example, if you have been viewing sites about visiting Indian, you may see New Delhi hotel advertisements when viewing a non-related site, such as on a site about traveling). DART uses “non personally identifiable information”. It does NOT track personal information about you, such as your name, email address, physical address, telephone number, social security numbers, bank account numbers or credit card numbers.

You can opt-out of this ad serving on all sites using this advertising by visiting <http://www.doubleclick.com/privacy/dart_adserving.aspx>

You can choose to disable or selectively turn off our cookies or third-party cookies in your browser settings, or by managing preferences in programs such as Norton Internet Security. However, this can affect how you are able to interact with our site as well as other websites. This could include the inability to login to services or programs, such as logging into forums or accounts.

Deleting cookies does not mean you are permanently opted out of any advertising program. Unless you have settings that disallow cookies, the next time you visit a site running the advertisements, a new cookie will be added.

#### External Links

This site contains (affiliate) links to some other sites. LonerWolf.com and its authors are not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of such Websites.’

#### Personal Information

When you comment or subscribe to our email list, we ask for your name & email address. When you buy a product, we will ask for name and email address as well, and we might gain some other info like your website’s URL. Your email and any other information will only be used to contact you about updates on LonerWolf. Your **personal information will not be distributed** to anyone for any purpose.

#### Security

This site has security measures (e.g: SSL Encryption) in place to protect the loss, misuse, and alteration of the information under our control.

#### Contacting the Web Site

If you have any questions about this privacy statement, the practices of this site, or your dealings with this Web site, you can contact us using our [contact form](https://lonerwolf.com/contact/).

We will keep you updated about further Privacy Policy changes via our Newsletter.

Thank you,

Luna & Sol
