> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the longislandfirearms.com privacy policy that was archived on 2017-11-30. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20171130005550id_/http%3A//www.longislandfirearms.com/cart/index.php%3Fmain_page%3Dprivacy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy Notice : LIF Store, The Official Store

This is the web site of Long Island Firearms, LLC Please also read our Terms of Use

This Privacy Policy governs only the privacy practices related to the personal information collected through the Long Island Firearms website (sometimes this “Site”). 

_Security and Privacy:_

We realize that making purchases at lifstore.com/longislandfirearms.com, or any other web site, requires trust on your part. We value your trust very highly, and pledge to you, our customer, that we will work to protect the security and privacy of any personal information you provide to us and that your personal information will only be used as set forth in our Terms of Use and this Privacy Policy. This includes your name, address, phone number, e-mail address, and credit card or checking account information, in addition to any other personal information that can be linked to you, personally. We believe that you have a right to know, before shopping at Lifstore.com/longislandfirearms.com or at any other time, exactly what information we might collect from you, why we collect it and how we use it. We do not and will not sell or rent your personal information to anyone. You have the right to control your personal information as you see fit. If you have an account at Lifstore.com/longislandfirearms.com and you want to change, modify or delete any of your personal information, you can do so anytime by going to My Account. Log in with your e-mail address and password, then click the appropriate category listing to edit or delete whatever personal information you wish. While your information may be deleted from “My Account” or similar, it will remain on Long Island Firearm’s Global server for archival or historical purposes. For your protection, we don’t retain financial information and don’t maintain credit care or checking account information beyond the needs of your particular shopping transaction, so there is no information of that sort in your account for you to change. Lifstore.com/longislandfirearms.com may provide links to certain third party websites. This Privacy Policy applies only to activities conducted and personal information collected on this Site. Other websites may have their own policies regarding privacy and security. Subject to our policy on cookies as stated in this Privacy Policy, Lifstore.com/longislandfirearms.com will obtain your consent before allowing the download of any software from Lifstore.com/longislandfirearms.com, and Lifstore.com/longislandfirearms.com will not automatically download any software to your computer system. Once you consent to the initial download of any software, you may receive automatic updates or patches pertaining to such software. You understand and agree that any material, including but not limited to, downloaded software, required or automated updates, modifications, reinstallations or software otherwise obtained through the use of Lifstore.com/longislandfirearms.com is done at your own discretion and risk, and that you will be solely responsible for any damages to your computer system or loss of data that may result from any such material.

For each visitor to our Web page, our Web server automatically recognizes the consumer’s domain name, if any, and collects the date and time of visit, the client IP address, and referring site.

We collect the information above, as well as e-mail addresses visitors to our Web page choose to give us, the e-mail addresses of those who communicate with us via e-mail, and information volunteered by the consumer, such as survey information and/or site registrations, and purchase history. In addition, we receive and may store any information you enter on this Site or give to this Site in any other way. 

_Information from Other Sources_

We may receive information about you from other sources. This may help improve the personalization of our service to you by providing better product recommendations or special offers that we think will interest you.

This section describes when and with whom we share your personal information. We never sell or rent your personal information to any third parties under any circumstances. We will share personal customer information and/or purchase history with a Long Island Firearms, LLC. affiliated entity including any division, subsidiary or affiliate

When contacting consumers for informational, marketing and for commercial purposes, Long Island Firearms, like many organizations, may utilize third party service providers for some routine services such as promotional mailings. In such cases, Long Island Firearms provides only the information necessary to ensure the service is delivered and requires that the service provider sign a non-disclosure agreement agreeing to keep the customer’s information confidential and secure and limiting its use to the purpose for which it was disclosed. After the service provider has completed the service, the service provider must either destroy the information or return it to Long Island Firearms.

Aside from the purposes described above, we will never share your personal information with any other third parties unless you expressly authorize such disclosure or we have your express permission or under special circumstances, such as when we believe in good faith that the disclosure is required to prevent harm or injury, or a perceived physical threat to any individual (such as product recalls, fraud, claims or other liability) or is required by law, or to comply with valid legal processes (subpoenas, warrants, or in response to a request from local, state or federal law enforcement officials) as required by law. We may share aggregated demographic and statistical information with our partners. This is not linked to any personal information that can identify any individual person.

If we merge with another business entity or substantially all of its assets related to the products or services that you receive from us are acquired by another business entity, it is likely that customer information will be one of the assets transferred to the other business entity. In the event of such a merger or acquisition, we reserve the right to disclose your personal information to the other business entity pursuant to the terms of this Privacy Policy.

We do not knowingly collect, maintain or use personally identifiable information submitted to the site by children under 13 years of age. If we become aware that a child under 13 years of age has submitted personally identifiable information to the site, we will not use that information and will immediately delete the information from its records.

Additionally, we do use cookies, which are small text files that are stored on your computer to gather and keep track of information and help us review traffic patterns and improve the site, and to facilitate your online shopping and purchasing experience. We use cookies to record ProCard user-specific information on the pages those users may access or visit. Although many browsers are set to accept cookies, you can set your browser to reject cookies, but this may prevent you from using some of the features of the site.

If you do not want to receive e-mail from us in the future, please let us know by calling Customer Service at (631) 274-1340. Requests to remove your e-mail address for our lists may take up to two weeks to fulfill. If you supply us with your postal address on-line, you may receive periodic mailings from us with information on new products and services or upcoming events. If you do not wish to receive such mailings, please let us know by e-mailing us at the above address or writing to us at the above address. Requests to remove your postal address from our mailing lists may take up to six weeks to fulfill. If you receive postal mail from us during this six-week period, please disregard the mail.

Persons who supply us with their telephone numbers on-line may receive telephone contact from us with information regarding new products and services or upcoming events. If you do not wish to receive such telephone calls, please let us know by sending us e-mail at the above address or writing to us at the above address.

From time to time, we may use customer information for unanticipated uses not previously disclosed in our privacy notice. If our information practices change at some time in the future we will post the policy changes to our Web site to notify you of these changes and provide you with the ability to opt out of these new uses. If you are concerned about how your information is used, please check back at our Web site periodically.

Upon a reasonable request we will provide site visitors with access to information that we maintain about them. Consumers can request this information by writing to us at the above address. Upon a reasonable request we offer visitors the ability to have inaccuracies corrected in contact information. Consumers can have this information corrected by sending us e-mail at the above address or writing to us at the above address.

With respect to security: We have appropriate physical, electronic and procedural security safeguards to protect and secure the information we collect.

 _Secure Sockets Layering (SSL)_

Our website uses Secure Sockets Layering (SSL) to encrypt your personal credit information, including your credit card number, before it travels over the Internet. SSL technology is the industry standard for secure online transactions. Because we use SSL, placing an order online at our website is just as safe as giving your credit card number over the phone.

If you have any questions or concerns about this Privacy Policy, please contact us at the above addresses or phone number.

© 2010 Long Island Firearms, LLC.
