> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the longaberger.com privacy policy that was archived on 2006-10-17. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20061017131831id_/http%3A//www.longaberger.com/privacy_policy.jsp%3FBV_UseBVCookie%3DYes) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Handcrafted baskets, pottery, ceramics and matching accessories by The Longaberger Company - Longaberger.com

Privacy Policy

**Privacy Policy Table of Contents:**

  * Our Commitment to Privacy 
  * Types of Information We Collect 
  * How We Use the Information We Collect 
  * Other Information Collected Through The Site
  * Our Commitment to Data Security
  * Our Commitment to Children's Privacy 
  * Access to and Changing Your Information 
  * Changes to Our Privacy Policy 
  * How to Contact Us

**Our Commitment to Privacy**  
Your privacy is important to us. To better protect the privacy of the visitors ("You") of the Longaberger.com web site (the "Site"), The Longaberger Company ("We/Us") has developed this Privacy Policy ("Policy") explaining Our online information practices and the choices You can make about the way Your information is collected and used. To make this Policy easy to find, We make it available on Our homepage and at every point where personally identifiable information may be requested. Please read below for more specific information on the type of information that We collect and how We use it. **Types of Information We Collect**  
Most of the information collected through the Site is voluntarily submitted by You. This section of Our Policy describes in detail the type of personally identifying information that We Collect. Longaberger Host and Associate Information. If You would like to receive information about hosting a Longaberger Home Show or becoming an Independent Longaberger Sales Associate by submitting the online form through the "Getting Started" link, We collect Your name, address, email address (if available), home telephone number and work telephone number. Application Information. If You would like to become a Longaberger employee, You may submit an employment application online through the "Join Our Family" link. The information We collect through that application is too lengthy to describe in this Policy, but is only collected if You choose to complete the form online. Associate Locator Information. If You would like to locate an Independent Longaberger Sales Associate in Your area and You do not know the names of any such Associates, You may search online on the "Find an Independent Longaberger Sales Associate" page by submitting Your ZIP code. Online Shopping Information. If You would like to shop for Longaberger products online, We collect all information necessary for allowing delivery of products to You by an Associate, including: Your name, address, email address, home telephone, work telephone, and the name of Your Longaberger Associate if You have one. Because Your online shopping order will only be completed after a Longaberger Associate contacts You, no credit card or other personal financial information is submitted through this Site. Registration Information. If You register with Us, this enables Us to identify You every time You visit the Site and enter Your password. As a registered Member of the Site, We will be able to personalize the Site to you when We recognize that it is You. If You choose to become a registered member of the Site through Our "Registration" link, We collect Your name, email address and the password that You choose. Collectors Club(r) Information. If You are a member of the Longaberger Collectors Club, You may enter Your Collectors Club identification number each time You visit the Site and We will be able to personalize the Site to Your needs. We are able to do this by combining information from other Longaberger databases regarding Your Collectors Club information (name, address, preferred status) with the entry of Your Collectors Club ID each time You visit Our Site. Contact Us Information. If You choose to contact Us through the online forms available through Our "Suggestion Box " link or Our "Customer Service" link, We collect Your name, email address, and Your suggestion or customer service request, along with any of the following information that You would like Us to have in order to respond to Your request: address, home telephone number, work telephone number. Internet Protocol Address. We also collect the Internet Protocol (IP) address used to connect Your computer to the Internet each time You visit the Site. Aggregate Information. Aggregate Information is information that describes usage patterns and other demographics of Site visitors as a group but does not reveal Your identity. We will derive Aggregate Information about Our Site Visitors from Longaberger Host and Associate Information, Online Shopping Information, Registration Information, Collectors Club Information, and IP Address Information. All Information collected, aside from your IP address, is voluntarily submitted at Your option and only must be supplied by You if You choose to order products online, search online, register with Our Site, or otherwise contact Us online. **How We Use the Information We Collect**  
Associate Locator Information. We only use Your Associate Locator Information to effectively pair You with a Longaberger Associate near You. Online Shopping Information. We only use Your Online Shopping Information for purposes of processing Your online purchase, including, contacting Your Longaberger Associate to permit shipping the products to You by the Associate. Registration and Collectors Club Information. We use Your Registration and/or Collectors Club Information to identify You when You visit Our Site and to personalize the Site with Your preferences, promotions or other information that We think may be of interest to You. This information is not shared with third parties, but We may also use it to notify You of promotions or company information that We think may be of interest to You. Contact Us Information. We use the information We obtain when You contact Us through the "Contact Us" options to process Your suggestion or customer service request. We also will use this information to improve Our products and services. Internet Protocol Address and Aggregate Information. We use this information to improve Our Site based upon usage patterns derived from this information. We do not currently share this information with third parties, but may do so in the future. Again, this information is not personally identifying, but merely tracks usage patterns and other demographics of Site visitors as a group. **Other Information Collected Through the Site**  
We may from time to time contract with advertisers or other third parties who place information, advertisements, or other promotional material or links on Our Site. If You click on an advertisement or other link provided by a third party and leave Our Site, whether through link or through visiting another web site framed within Our Site, You are subject to the privacy policies of these advertisers or other third parties. We do not have responsibility for or access to the information collected by these third parties. **Our Commitment To Data Security**  
Because You do not submit any personal financial information and because most of the personal information You provide is voluntary, the Site does not currently employ any encryption or other security methods with respect to the transmission of Your personal information to Us. We do have measures in place to protect Your personal information once it reaches Us. Associates do have the opportunity to pay for their personal web page services using a credit card. This transaction is handled in a secure and encrypted manner. We do not store credit information on this site. **Our Commitment To Children's Privacy**  
Protecting the privacy of the very young is especially important. For that reason, We never collect or maintain information at Our Site from those We actually know are under 13. **Access To And Changing Your Information**  
The only personally identifying information that We keep on file is Your Registration Information. If you need to change or update Your Registration Information, You can do so by filling in the correct information at the link on the "Registration Information" page for "Updating Information." **Changes To Our Privacy Policy**  
We reserve the right to change Our Privacy Policy from time to time. If We make any substantial changes, We will notify You by posting a prominent announcement at our home page located at [www.longaberger.com](http://www.longaberger.com/). **How to Contact Us**  
For other information or questions regarding changing information that we have about you, please send us an email at [ info@longaberger.com](mailto:info@longaberger.com). (c) Copyright 2001, The Longaberger Company  
All rights reserved. 
