> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the longwood.edu privacy policy that was archived on 2003-06-21. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20030621155120id_/http%3A//www.longwood.edu/privacy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy Statement

###   
Longwood University Internet Privacy Statement 

Thank you for visiting one of Longwood University's websites. We are committed to providing the latest technologies and online services to both our visitors and members of the Longwood community. We are also committed to privacy issues, and we would like to take this opportunity to tell you about what information we collect, how we use this information and your rights concerning this information. 

Nearly all of our websites may be visited without revealing any personal information about yourself. However, there are several pieces of information that we collect from you each time you access our websites. We log your computer's IP address, the URL that referred you to our site, the pages you access at our sites and the type and version of both your operating system and web browser. We also track any terms and phrases that you enter into our search engine service. None of this information is ever used to personally identify you or any other user, but rather it is used to generate reports of site usage. These reports help us to identify what parts of the site are most popular, what search engines visitors are using to find our websites and what things visitors are having trouble finding. These reports help us determine overall website usage, identify problem areas and ultimately provide better services for visitors like yourself. 

Certain services provided by our websites may utilize "cookies". A _cookie_ is a small piece of data that is sent to your web browser from one of our websites and stored on your computer's hard disk. A _cookie_ can not read any data off your hard disk, read _cookie_ files created by other websites or perform any other action against your computer. When _cookies_ are used, we will provide you with an explanation of why the _cooki_ e is being set and what information the _cookie_ will contain. You can configure your web browser to allow or disallow _cookies_ by changing your browser's options or preferences, but disabling _cookies_ may prevent some areas of our websites from working properly. 

Occasionally there will be a service provided by our website that will require you to provide personal information. A perfect example is our Online Admissions Application, which you obviously could not complete without providing some personal information. When personal information is requested it will always be preceded by an explanation of why you are being asked to provide this information. The explanation will also include information about who will have access to the data and there will also be an explanation for the procedure for correcting and/or viewing the data that we have collected about you. If you choose not to provide personal information through our website, you may be unable to utilize some of the features we offer to our online visitors. When it is possible, we will attempt to provide you with an alternative method for the same service.

The Longwood University websites contain a variety of links to other web sites not hosted by us. Longwood University is not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of any such website. Content and views presented by these sites may not reflect the views of Longwood College. It is your responsibility to check with other websites to determine their privacy policies. Also remember that any time you voluntarily disclose information in an unencrypted online forum, such as e-mail, web forms or chat rooms, that information can be collected and used by others. It is ultimately your responsibility to protect your personal information while you are online. 

By using our websites, you consent to the collection and use of information by the Longwood University websites as specified above. If we decide to change our privacy policy, we will post those changes on this page so that you are always aware of our policies concerning information collection. 

Last Updated: November 15, 2000   
[Back to Longwood's Home Page](http://www.longwood.edu/)
