> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the fullstory.com privacy policy that was archived on 2016-03-12. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20160312044031id_/https%3A//www.fullstory.com/legal/privacy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Terms of Service | FullStory

Thanks for visiting FullStory. This policy explains the what, how, and why of the information we collect when you visit this Site or when you use FullStory on your website. It also explains the specific ways we use and disclose that information. 

#### The Full Story on FullStory

FullStory is a powerful script that creates a new level of ease for website owners to understand the usability of their websites. Website owners who use FullStory can watch a DVR-like video playback of user sessions on their website, enabling meaningful insight into their users' experience, as an effective way to identify usability problems and other areas for improvement. 

FullStory exists to make the web better for end-users, and it is only available to websites that share that goal. 

That is why we require all websites that use FullStory (including this one) to comply with our [Acceptable Use Policy](https://web.archive.org/legal/acceptable-use), which clearly discloses how the information generated by FullStory will and will not be used and disclosed. The Acceptable Use Policy is the conceptual core of this Privacy Policy. 

#### Definitions

Getting a few definitions out of the way should help you understand this policy.

> When we say "we," "us," "our" and "FullStory," we're referring to FullStory, Inc., a State of Delaware limited liability company. We may also use "FullStory" to refer to the script and services we provide to our customers. Which meaning we're using should be clear from the context. 

> "FullStory customer" or "customer" refers to a website owner who signs up with FullStory. We make it clear when information in this Privacy Policy applies only to FullStory customers. In those sections, we will use "you" and "your" to refer to a website owner who has signed up with FullStory. 

> Otherwise, "you" and "your" refer to you as an end-user—that is, any visitor to this site or to any site that uses FullStory.

> "Site" refers to our website, [fullstory.com](https://www.fullstory.com/).

#### Information Collected

##### Information Collected from FullStory Customers

If you are a website owner who wants to put FullStory on your website, you must agree to this Privacy Policy and our Terms of Service. When you sign up with FullStory, we will ask you for your name, e-mail address, and payment information. We will also collect certain additional information that can be used to identify you, such as your usage data in relation to FullStory and other information we deem relevant for the purpose of providing FullStory. The information we collect from you, to the extent that it is private, is disclosed only in accordance with our Terms of Service and/or this Privacy Policy. 

##### Information Collected from Visitors to Websites that use FullStory

Whenever you visit a site that uses FullStory (including this one), that site or we may collect information from you regarding your use of that site (and only that site), such as pages visited, links clicked, non-sensitive text entered, and mouse movements, as well as information more commonly collected such as your IP address, referring URL, browser, operating system, cookie information, and Internet Service Provider. This information may in the aggregate identify you, however we will not identify you as you browse the web if you turn off cookies, as explained below. 

When you visit other websites that use FullStory, their privacy policies apply instead of this Privacy Policy, although they are required by contract to abide by the principles of our [Acceptable Use Policy](https://web.archive.org/legal/acceptable-use) and disclose their ability to collect and review information as described in this Policy. 

We do not and will not ever attempt to identify the same person across disparate, unrelated domains. It is a vioation of our Acceptable Use Policy for our customers to attempt to build multi-site user profiles for the intent of selling or exchanging lists of users or demographic information. 

#### Use of Your Information

If you are a FullStory customer, we may use your information to:

  * Process transactions between you and FullStory.
  * Send e-mails about our Site or respond to inquiries.
  * Send e-mails and updates about FullStory, including newsletters.



If you are a visitor to a website that uses FullStory, we may use your information to:

  * Enhance or improve user experience, our Site, or FullStory.
  * Monitor data to ensure that it complies with our Terms of Service.
  * Perform any other function that we believe in good faith is necessary to protect the security or proper functioning of our Site or FullStory.



#### Accessing, Editing, and Removing Your Information

If you are a FullStory customer, you may review, edit and/or remove the personal information you provided to us by logging into your account on the site and editing your account. 

#### How FullStory Collects Information

"Cookies" are small data files placed on your computer by the websites you visit and the emails you read and can be used to help recognize you when you return to a website, or when you visit other sites. We, or third party service providers, may use cookies to, among other things, measure activity, personalize your experience, remember your viewing preferences, or track your status or progress when accessing our site. For some of these purposes, our cookies may be tied to personal information. In particular, FullStory uses first-party cookies to maintain a coherent scope for a user session across multiple pages on a single website. These cookies do not track the same user across unrelated domains and, as described above, attempts to infer identity across domains is strictly prohibited. 

"Local Storage" is a standard facility provided by HTML5-compliant browsers used to retain data on your computer across visits to the same website. We use local storage as a temporary holding area for user events that were observed locally but, due to the timing of a page unload, were unable to be transmitted as part of the user session. Return visits to the same website read and transmit events previously stored in local storage to complete previously recorded sessions. 

#### Opting Out

If you wish to prevent all websites using FullStory to be able to record your activity, you can [opt-out](https://web.archive.org/optout). Opting out will create a cookie that tells FullStory to turn off recording. The presence of this cookie is required to continue opting out, so if you clear your browser cookies, you will have to opt-out again. (We regret that there isn't a better way to make your opt-out more permanent, but due to technical reasons, this really is the best we can do at present.) 

One more thing. 

If you are considering opting-out, it's probably a good time to make sure you really understand that the purpose of FullStory is to help well-intentioned companies make their website better for _you_. It is emphatically not one of those "we track you around the web" kind of deals. We think that's creepy, too. 

Most people who make websites are just like you: nice people who want to do a good job and make something awesome. And you wouldn't believe how much time and energy product teams spend trying to make their websites great for you. Without FullStory, though, they simply do not have enough information to understand when they get it wrong. If they can see how you actually experience their website, like an ongoing usability study, they'll actually know what to improve! They don't need to record anything sensitive in order to do that, and we have a strict [Acceptable Use Policy](https://web.archive.org/legal/acceptable-use) where you can see for yourself the high standards we expect of FullStory customers with respect to your privacy. 

#### Blocking Cookies

If you choose, you can set your browser to reject cookies or you can manually delete individual or all of the cookies on your computer by following your browser’s help file directions. Note that turning off cookies may also disable functions of many websites you visit. If your browser is set to reject cookies or you manually delete cookies, FullStory will not be able to coalesce your anonymous user identity automatically into sessions across pages on the same website. 

FullStory could in principle coalesce your user identity across pages of a single website even if you are blocking cookies if (1) you are logged into the website of a FullStory customer and (2) that customer uses the [the JavaScript API](https://web.archive.org/docs/developer#customdata) to identify you using an application-unique identifier. 

#### Third Party Access to Your Information

We will never sell your data to third parties. However, in the course of business, we may hire third party individuals and organizations to help us make FullStory better. These third parties include our web host, other SaaS providers, such as an email hosting service, or outside contractors we hire to perform maintenance or assist us in securing our website. We may also hire third parties to operate, maintain, repair, or otherwise improve or preserve our website or its underlying files or systems. We require our service providers to agree to take reasonable steps to keep the personal information that we provide to them secure. We do not permit our service providers to market their own products or services to you directly. 

#### Release of Your Information for Legal Purposes

We may release information about you when required to do so for legal purposes. If we receive a subpoena affecting your privacy, we may attempt to quash it or notify you to give you the opportunity to attempt to quash it. 

#### Security Measures

We take measures to enhance the security of our Site and the FullStory service. These measures include using SSL Certificates and two-factor authentication. It is important for you to protect against unauthorized access to your password and to your computer. No security measures are perfect and we cannot promise that the information about you will remain secure in all circumstances. 

#### International Transfer

We store and process information about you on computers in the United States. Privacy laws local to our servers and computers will apply to information we store about you. 

#### U.S.-EU Safe Harbor

FullStory, Inc. complies with the U.S.-EU Safe Harbor Framework as set forth by the U.S. Department of Commerce regarding the collection, use, and retention of personal information from European Union member countries. FullStory, Inc. has certified that it adheres to the Safe Harbor Privacy Principles of notice, choice, onward transfer, security, data integrity, access, and enforcement. To learn more about the Safe Harbor program, and to view FullStory, Inc.'s certification, please visit <http://www.export.gov/safeharbor/>

In compliance with the US-EU and US-Swiss Safe Harbor Principles, FullStory commits to resolve complaints about your privacy and our collection or use of your personal information. European Union or Swiss citizens with inquiries or complaints regarding this privacy policy should first contact FullStory at:

FullStory  
Attn: Privacy  
818 Marietta Street  
Atlanta, GA 30318

FullStory has further committed to refer unresolved privacy complaints under the US-EU and US-Swiss Safe Harbor Principles to an independent dispute resolution mechanism, the BBB EU SAFE HARBOR, operated by the Council of Better Business Bureaus. If you do not receive timely acknowledgment of your complaint, or if your complaint is not satisfactorily addressed by FullStory, please visit the BBB EU SAFE HARBOR web site at <http://www.bbb.org/us/safe-harbor-complaints> for more information and to file a complaint.

#### Your California Privacy Rights

Under California Civil Code sections 1798.83-1798.84, California residents who have an established business relationship with us are entitled to ask us for a notice describing what categories of personal customer information we share with third parties or corporate affiliates for those third parties or corporate affiliates’ direct marketing purposes. That notice will identify the categories of information shared and will include a list of the third parties and affiliates with which it was shared, along with their names and addresses. If you are a California resident and would like a copy of this notice, please submit a written request to the following address: Attn: Privacy, 611 N. Brand Blvd., 5th floor Glendale, CA 91203. Please allow 30 days for a response. 

#### Do Not Track Signal

We treat the data of everyone who comes to our site in accordance with this Privacy Policy, whatever their Do Not Track setting. 

#### Children

Our site is intended for a general audience and we do not knowingly collect personal information from anyone under the age of 13. 

#### Changes

We may amend this Privacy Policy from time to time. When there are changes to this Privacy Policy, we will update this page. The date on the bottom will always indicate when we last made changes. If you are a visitor to this site and disagree with the Privacy Policy, you should leave the Site and cancel your agreement with FullStory. 

Last Modified on May 7, 2015 
