> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the fulltilt.com privacy policy that was archived on 2006-06-18. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20060618020219id_/http%3A//fulltilt.com/misc/privacy.html) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# FullTilt | Privacy Statement

The goal of FullTilt Solutions, Inc. and its subsidiaries and affiliates, (collectively referred to as "FullTilt") is to provide you with a personalized Internet experience that delivers the information, resources, and services that are most relevant and helpful to you. In order to achieve this goal, we may collect information during your visits to understand what differentiates you from each of our other users. This Privacy Statement discloses information gathering and dissemination practices of FullTilt in connection with www.fulltilt.com and all other World Wide Web sites owned or operated by FullTilt (collectively, the "Site"). FullTilt can be contacted contact FullTilt by mail at 1400 Liberty Ridge Drive Suite 100, Wayne, PA 19087, by phone at 610-727-5200 or by fax at 610-727-3523, or by e-mail at [info@fulltilt.com](mailto:info@fulltilt.com). **YOU ARE NOT REQUIRED TO VOLUNTARILY SUBMIT YOUR PERSONALLY IDENTIFIABLE INFORMATION.** DO NOT DISCLOSE ANY INFORMATION ON THIS SITE THAT YOU DO NOT WANT USED BY FULL TILT OR THIRD PARTIES. Any information provided on or in connection with this Site, personally identifiable or otherwise, may be used by FullTilt for any purpose, including without limitation the purposes outlined below, in FullTilt's sole discretion. Once this information is provided, you may not opt-out of having it used by FullTilt or third parties. If you want to submit any changes to this information, you may do so at the e-mail address above, although FullTilt cannot guarentee that such changes will be made and FullTilt assumes no responsibility for such changes. 

**Collection of Personal Information from Site Visitor.** FullTilt may collect and track: (a) User-Supplied Information - When you request more information from FullTilt through our online Demonstration Request Form, Seminar Sign-up Form, Contact Form or other forms on the Site, we may ask you to supply your name, e-mail address, and other personal information; (b) Server Log Information - When you visit an Internet Web site, certain information is disclosed to us about you, such as your Internet Protocol (IP) address, the time of your visit, and the referring location (e.g., the Site or page that offered a link to a FullTilt page); (c) Statistical Data - In order to solve technical problems with the Site and to calculate overall usage statistics, we collect aggregate information on which pages you access; and (d) Cookies and Bugs - In order to offer and provide a customized, personal service, FullTilt may use cookies or bugs to store and help track your information. Internet "cookies" save data about individual visitors, such as your name, password, screen preferences, and the pages of a site you viewed. A Web bug is a file object, usually a graphic image such as a transparent one pixel-by-one pixel GIF, which is placed on a Web page or in an e-mail message to monitor user behavior. A Web bug can gather the following statistics, among others, the IP address of your computer, the time the Web bug was viewed, and the type of browser used. When you revisit the Site, FullTilt may recognize you using Internet cookies or Web bugs and customize your experience accordingly. You may decline Internet cookies, if any, by using the appropriate feature of your Web browser software, if available. 

**Use of Personal Data Collected; Disclosure of Personal Data to Third Parties.** Personally identifiable information collected by FullTilt may be used by FullTilt for many reasons, for example, for editorial and feedback purposes, for marketing and promotional purposes, for a statistical analysis of users' activities on the Site, for product development, for content improvement, for fulfillment of or in connection with a requested transaction or recordkeeping, or to customize the content and layout of the Site. Aggregate data may be used for internal purposes or provided to third parties such as marketing firms. Additionally, individually identifying information in particular, such as names, postal and e-mail addresses, phone numbers, and other personal information which visitors voluntarily provide to FullTilt may be (a) added to FullTilt's databases and used for future calls and mailings regarding Site updates, new products and services, and upcoming events, and (b) provided to third parties who provide products and services which FullTilt believes that visitors may be interested in purchasing or obtaining. 

FullTilt will use its reasonable efforts to identify whether any third party that FullTilt shares, rents, sells, or otherwise discloses personal data for marketing purposes may have products or services of interest to visitors to FullTilt's Site. However, such parties are independent third parties over which FullTilt exercises no control, and, therefore, FullTilt is not responsible for their conduct, products, or services, and will not be liable therefor. FullTilt may disclose personal information when we believe in good faith that the law requires it or to protect the rights or property of FullTilt, in FullTilt's sole discretion. Personal data may also be disclosed or distributed to another party with which FullTilt enters or reasonably may enter into a corporate transaction, such as, for example, a merger, consolidation, acquisition, or asset purchase. 

**Links to Other Sites.** This Site may also contain links to other sites or advertisements for or placed by third parties. If you access a third party site from a link on this Site, any information you disclose on that site is not subject to this Privacy Policy. FullTilt is not responsible for the privacy practices of such Web sites, advertisers, or third parties, or for the content of such sites or advertisements. It is possible that these links or advertisements, themselves, may be used by third parties or others to collect personal or other information about Site visitors. FullTilt is not responsible for the privacy practices of such Web sites, such third parties, or the content of such sites. FullTilt does not control these third parties' use of cookies, collection of information, or how they manage such information. It is solely your obligation to review and understand the privacy practices and policies of these other Web sites and of these third parties. 

**Security Measures.** FullTilt has implemented security features to prevent the unauthorized release of or access to personal information. For example, the server hosting the Site is located off-site in a secure faciltity, where only certain personnel have access. The server also has firewalls designed to protect it from outside access and to detect any intruders. Any remote access requires password and browser security. Please be advised, however, that the confidentiality of any communication or material transmitted to or from FullTilt via this Site or e-mail cannot be guaranteed. Accordingly, FullTilt is not responsible for the security of information transmitted via the Internet. For more private communication, you may contact FullTilt by mail at 1400 Liberty Ridge Drive Suite 100, Wayne, PA 19087, by phone at 610-727-5200 or by fax at 610-727-3523. 

**FullTilt's Right to Change Privacy Statement.** FullTilt reserves the unilateral right to change this Privacy Statement at any time, with or without notice; your continued use of this Site after any change is made to this Privacy Statement signifies your understanding of and intention and agreement to be bound by such change. It is your responsibility to monitor this Privacy Statement for changes. 
