> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the pagerage.com privacy policy that was archived on 2011-12-31. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20111231212751id_/http%3A//www.pagerage.com/PrivacyPolicy.aspx) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Facebook Layouts, Facebook Backgrounds - PageRage

**1\. INTRODUCTION**

Theme Your World LLC (the "Company," "we" or "us") operates [www.pagerage.com](http://www.pagerage.com/) (the "Site"). The Company's products and services include the downloadable browser add-on "PageRage" (the "App"). The App, and any other applications, products, services, features, content, promotions or games offered from time to time by the Company on the Site or otherwise in connection with its business shall be referred to herein as the "Services". The Company is based in the United States and the Services are hosted in the United States. 

As set forth in the Company's Terms of Service currently available at <http://www.pagerage.com/TermsOfService.aspx>, the Services are general audience, are not targeted to children, and do not knowingly collect personal information from children under 13 years of age. If we learn that we have collected personal information from a child under age 13, we will delete that information as quickly as possible. If you believe that might have any information from a child under age 13, please contact us through our support page <http://www.pagerage.com/Troubleshooting.aspx>. 

This Privacy Policy applies to all users, including those who use the Services without being registered with the Company and those who have registered with any Company Service. This Privacy Policy describes the Company's collection and use of users' personal information (e.g., information that identifies a specific person, such as full name or email address) where that information is not otherwise publicly available on the Services. We also describe generally the Company's practices for handling non-personally identifiable information (e.g., interests, demographics and site usage) to the extent such information is associated with a particular user or user account. Your access to and use of certain Services may require you to accept additional terms and conditions or a privacy policy applicable to such Services. 

**2\. SUBMISSION AND COLLECTION OF INFORMATION**

_User Submitted Information_

**Registration Information** is the information that users must provide to the Company upon registration for certain Services (e.g., your user name, email address, and account password.) 

**Public Information and Posts** consist of comments or content that you may post to the Services and the information about you that accompanies those posts or content, such as a user name and/or user picture. Public Information and Posts will always be public, which means it will be available to everyone and will be displayed in search results both on the Services and on external search engines. 

**Third Party Information and Content.** If you access the Services through a third party connection or log-in, your user submitted information may also include your user name associated with that third party service, any information or content you have permitted the third party to share with the Company, and any information you have made public in connection with that third party service (collectively, "Third Party Information and Content"). Third Party Information and Content obtained in this manner will be governed by this Privacy Policy and the terms and conditions applicable to use of the Services. In addition, the Company may supplement the information we collect with information we obtain from third parties to improve the quality of the Services. 

_Collected Information_

**Transactional and Site Activity Information.** When users access the Services, we collect certain non-personally identifiable information about those visits for marketing purposes. For example, in order to permit your connection to the Services, our servers receive and record information about your computer, operating system and browser, including your IP address, browser type, and other software or hardware information. If you access the Services from a mobile or other device, we may collect a unique device identifier assigned to that device or other transactional information for that device in order to serve content to it. 

**Tracking Technologies.** The Company may use cookies and other tracking technologies (such as browser cookies, pixels, beacons, and Adobe Flash technology), which are comprised of small bits of data that often include an anonymous unique identifier. Websites send this data to your browser when you first request a web page and then store the data on your computer so the website can access information when you make subsequent requests for pages from that site. These technologies may be used to collect and store information about your usage of the Services, such as pages you have visited, search queries you have run, links you have clicked and advertisements you have seen so that we can serve you more relevant ads when using the Services. The Company may also use cookies and similar tools to relate your use of Services to personal information obtained from you or a reputable third party. For example, if you have asked us to provide you information about our upcoming products or promotions, cookie and/or click stream data about your activities on the Company Website may allow us to limit the materials we provide you to items we think you will find interesting, based on your prior online activities and preferences. 

**Third Party Collection.** Third parties that support the Services by serving advertisements or providing other services, such as providing users with the ability to comment on content, allowing users to share content or tracking aggregate site usage statistics may also use cookies and other tracking technologies described above to collect similar information. The Company does not control these third parties and their use of these technologies is governed by the privacy policies of the third parties using such technologies. For more information about third party ad networks that use these technologies, see [www.aboutads.info](http://www.aboutads.info/). Most browsers are initially set to accept cookies, but you can change your settings to notify you when a cookie is being set or updated, or to block cookies altogether. Please consult the "Help" section of your browser for more information (e.g., <http://windows.microsoft.com/en-US/windows-vista/Block-or-allow-cookies>). Users can manage the use of Flash technologies, including cookies, with the Flash management tools available at Adobe's website, see <http://www.adobe.com/products/flashplayer/security/privacy_policy/faq.html>. Please note that by blocking any or all cookies you may not have access to the Services or certain features thereof. 

**Collection of Payment Information by a Third Party** **.** The Services are currently ad-supported and available to you free-of-charge, which means you may see display advertising. A paid upgrade of the App is available at [www.yontoo.com](http://www.yontoo.com/). 

If you purchase an ad-free App upgrade, or any other Company product or service, you may be required to provide personal information, including credit card and billing information ("Personal Financial Information") to an independent third party company (or companies) selected by, but not affiliated with, Company (the "Processor"). Where the Processor is responsible for collecting, transmitting and/or processing your Personal Financial Information and, in some instances, for fulfilling your order, all payment obligations shall be governed by the terms of use/service and privacy policy(ies) of the Processor. If you make such a purchase, you are warranting that you are authorized to use the form of payment card that you provide to the Processor and at least 18 years of age. 

The Company makes no warranty, and accepts no liability for any loss or damages whatsoever, relating to or in connection with your placement of an order with the Processor. The Company provides no refunds for any purchases. You are solely responsible for any and all transactions utilizing your Personal Financial Information, including, but not limited to, any and all charges. You acknowledge and agree that in the event the Processor experiences a data breach that affects your Personal Financial Information, the Company will in no way be responsible or liable to you for any such breach. 

You should maintain records of all your purchasing transactions. If you have any questions regarding your transactions or believe that there is an error or unauthorized transaction or activity associated with transactions utilizing your Personal Financial Information, you must contact the Processor. 

**3\. NOTICE AND MODIFICATIONS**

**Means of Notice and Privacy Policy Modifications.** This Privacy Policy is the means by which the Company provides you with notice about its collection and use of your personal information. The Company will not use your personal information in a manner different from what is described in this Privacy Policy. The Company may modify this Privacy Policy at any time, and each such modification will be effective upon posting on the Company Website. Your continued use of the Services following any such modification constitutes your acceptance of the Privacy Policy as so modified. It is therefore important that you review this Privacy Policy regularly. You may also receive a copy of this Privacy Policy by emailing us at [terms@themeyourworld.com](mailto:terms@themeyourworld.com). 

**Location of Data.** The Services are hosted in the United States. If you are a user located outside the United States, you understand and consent to having any personal information you provide transferred to, processed, and stored in the United States and other countries where data protection and other privacy laws may not offer the same level of protection as in your jurisdiction, such as the European Union. This includes the use of cookies and other tracking technologies as described above. As a result, please read this Privacy Policy with care. 

**Linked Services.** The Services may also be linked to sites or services operated by the Company affiliates or third parties, and may carry advertisements or offer content, functionality, games, rewards programs, newsletters, contests or sweepstakes, or applications developed and maintained by third parties including, any online store. The Company is not responsible for the privacy practices of any such third parties, and once you leave the Services via a link, enable a third party service, or click an advertisement, you should check the applicable privacy policy of the third party site. Users who visit a Company affiliated site should still refer to its separate privacy policy, which may differ in some respects from this Privacy Policy. 

**4\. USE & DISCLOSURE**

_Information Made Public Through Use of the Services_

Users' Public Information and Posts are always publicly available to anyone, including other users, search engines, advertisers, third party application developers, and anyone else with access to the Services. 

Third Party Information and Content may be publicly available according to the permissions you grant to the Company, the applicable policies of the third party and the terms and conditions and/or terms of use for the Services. 

_Company's Use and Disclosure of Information_

We only share your non-public personal information with non-affiliated third parties when we believe sharing is permitted by you or authorized by this Privacy Policy. In addition, the Company may share your personal information with our affiliated companies. 

We use the information we collect from and about users for the following purposes: 

**To provide and manage the Services** . We use the information we collect from and about users to provide the Services to you, to measure and improve the Services, to personalize your experience by delivering relevant content, advertising and marketing messages, to allow you to comment on content, participate in online games, contests, promotions or rewards programs, to enable you to communicate and share with other users or services, and to provide you with customer support and respond to inquiries. We may use aggregated, anonymous data about use of and activity on the Services to assist us in this regard and such data is not subject to this Privacy Policy. 

**To allow third party service providers to assist us in providing and managing the Services.** The Company may make your non-public personal information available to certain third party service providers, such as contractors, agents or sponsors, who help us manage or provide the Services. Such examples include: advertising and marketing, developing or supporting products and features, processing payments, administering message boards, processing data or statistics, or assisting with the administration, judging and prize fulfillment aspects of contests, promotions and sweepstakes. These outside service providers are required to protect non-public personal information entrusted to them and not use it for any other purpose than the specific service they are providing to the Company. 

**To contact you.** The Company may periodically send promotional materials or notifications related to Services to the email address you may have provided to us at registration or subscription to your account. If you want to stop receiving promotional materials from the Company, follow the unsubscribe instructions at the bottom of each promotional email. There are certain service notification emails that you may not opt-out of as long as you are registered with or subscribed to the Services, such as notifications of changes to the Services or policies. 

**To deliver relevant advertising.** We may use the information you provide to us, and information we collect about your use of the Services through cookies and other technologies, to assist us in delivering you relevant ads when you use the Services. We may work with third party advertising networks and advertisers who help deliver these ads to you. We may share anonymized or aggregated information with third parties to improve the relevancy of the ads you see using the Services. As noted above, these third party advertising networks and advertisers may also use cookies and similar technologies to collect and track non-personally identifiable information such as demographic information, aggregated information, and Internet activity to assist them in delivering advertising that is more relevant to your interests. To find out more about third party online advertising and to opt out of this type of advertising, visit the Network Advertising Initiative website: <http://www.networkadvertising.org/managing/opt_out.asp>. 

**To protect the rights of Company and our users.** There may be instances when the Company may disclose user information without providing notice or choice, including situations where the Company has a good faith belief that such disclosure is necessary in order to: (i) protect or defend the legal rights or property of the Company, our affiliated companies or their employees, agents and contractors (including enforcement of our agreements); (ii) protect the safety and security of users of the Services or members of the public; (iii) protect against fraud or for risk management purposes; or (iv) comply with the law or legal process. 

**To complete a merger or sale of assets.** If the Company sells all or part of its business or makes a sale or transfer of its assets or is otherwise involved in a merger or transfer of all or a material part of its business, the Company may transfer your information to the party or parties involved in the transaction as part of that transaction. 

**5\. SECURITY**

The Company uses reasonable administrative, technical, personnel and physical measures to safeguard user information in its possession against loss, theft and unauthorized use, disclosure or modification. Unfortunately, no transmission of data over the Internet can ever be guaranteed to be completely secure. It may be possible for third parties not under our control to intercept or access transmissions or private communications unlawfully. While we strive to protect your personal information, the Company cannot ensure or warrant the security of any personal information you transmit to us. Any such transmission is done at your own risk. If you believe that your interaction with us is no longer secure, please notify us of the problem by emailing [terms@themeyourworld.com](mailto:terms@themeyourworld.com). 

**6\. USER CONTROL**

You may uninstall software related to the Services at any time by following the instructions provided in the Company's Terms of Service currently available at <http://www.pagerage.com/TermsOfService.aspx>. Note that after you uninstall the software, certain related files may remain on your system. These remnant files are a record of your previous download of the Company's software, and are not executable programs. These files help the Company to prevent fraud on the Services and to better service you if you choose to download the software again. We will not use the files to track you or otherwise collect or store information about you. If you have registered a user account with the Company, you may cancel your account at any time on the Company Website, and unsubscribe to Company promotional materials by clicking the "unsubscribe" link at the bottom of the applicable e-mail. Remember that even after you uninstall software or cancel your account, copies of some information that is publicly viewable may remain viewable in circumstances where, for example, you have commented on content on the Services or if another person copied, stored or shared your information. We may also retain backup information related to your account on our servers for some time after cancellation for fraud detection or to comply with applicable law or our internal security policies. 

**7.** **CONTACT US**

If you have questions about this Privacy Policy, or if you would like access to your personal information to correct, update, or delete it, please contact us as described below: 

Theme Your World, LLC.   
8605 Santa Monica Blvd, #91106   
Los Angeles, CA 90069-4109   
[terms@themeyourworld.com](mailto:terms@themeyourworld.com)

**Your California Privacy Rights.** California Civil Code Section 1798.83 permits users who are California residents to request certain information regarding its disclosure of personal information to third parties for their direct marketing purposes. To make such a request, please send a request to [customersupport@themeyourworld.com](mailto:customersupport@themeyourworld.com) or [terms@themeyourworld.com](mailto:terms@themeyourworld.com). ****
