> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the spideroak.com privacy policy that was archived on 2010-01-03. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20100103193641id_/https%3A//spideroak.com/privacy_policy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Automatic Mac Backup - Privacy Policy - SpiderOak.com

## SpiderOak, Inc. Privacy Policy

Thank you for visiting SpiderOak, Inc.'s (“SpiderOak”) Internet web site (“Site”) located at the URL SpiderOak.com. This privacy policy (“Privacy Policy”) details certain policies implemented throughout SpiderOak governing SpiderOak's use of Personally-Identifiable Data about users of our Site and users of our backup and data storage services (the “Services”).

**Privacy Policy Updates**

Due to the Internet's rapidly evolving nature, SpiderOak may need to update this Privacy Policy from time to time. If so, SpiderOak will post its updated Privacy Policy on our Site located at SpiderOak.com and notify you of the updated posting. SpiderOak encourages you to review this Privacy Policy regularly for any changes. Your continued use of this Site and/or continued provision of Personally-Identifiable Data to us will be subject to the terms of the then-current Privacy Policy.

**Information Collection and Use**

You can generally visit our Site without revealing any Personally-Identifiable Data about yourself. In order to use the Services, however, we will collect personally identifiable information, such as your name, address, email address, phone number, username, password, credit card number, and other information (“Personally-Identifiable Data”). Additionally, we may invite you to participate in surveys, questionnaires or contests, contact us with questions or comments or provide us with feedback, which due to the nature of some of these activities, may include the collection of “Personally-Identifiable Data”. Additionally, by accessing the Site or using the Services, we might collect additional data as set forth below in the “Aggregate Information” paragraph.

We may use your Personally-Identifiable Data to register you to use our Services, confirm your identify, contact you to deliver certain services, news or information related to the Services, verify your authority to use our Services, and improve the content and general administration of the Site and our Services. If you are unwilling to allow your Personally-Identifiable Data to be used as described in this Section, you should not sign up for or use the Services.

**Children's Privacy**

SpiderOak recognizes the privacy interests of children and we encourage parents and guardians to take an active role in their children's online activities and interests. This Site is not intended for children under the age of 13. SpiderOak does not target its Services or this Site to children under 13\. SpiderOak does not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from children under the age of 13.

**Cookies**

We may use small text files called cookies to improve overall Site experience. A cookie is a piece of data stored on the user's hard drive containing information about the user. Cookies generally do not permit us to personally identify you.

**Aggregate Information**

The Site may track the total number of visitors to our Site, the number of visitors to each page of our Site, browser type, and IP addresses, and we may analyze this data for trends and statistics in the aggregate, but such information will be maintained, used and disclosed in aggregate form only and it will not contain personally identifiable information. We may use such aggregate information to analyze trends, administer the Site, track users' movement, and gather broad demographic information for aggregate use.

**Disclosure**

We may provide your Personally-Identifiable Data and the data generated by cookies and the aggregate information to the vendors and service agencies that we may engage to assist us in providing our Services to you. For example, we may provide your Personally-Identifiable Data to a credit card processing company to process your payment or to a marketing, research and/or advertising agency to send advertising to you on our behalf. Such third party entities will be restricted from further distributing your Personally-Identifiable Data and from using your Personally-Identifiable Data for commercial purposes and may be obligated to a written confidentiality agreement that is at least as protective of your Personally-Identifiable Data as the terms of this Privacy Policy. We will disclose your Personally-Identifiable Data if we reasonably believe we are required to do so by law, regulation or other government authority. We will not sell your Personally-Identifiable Data to any company or organization except we may transfer your Personally-Identifiable Data to a successor entity upon a merger, consolidation or other corporate reorganization in which SpiderOak participates or to a purchaser of all or substantially all of SpiderOak's assets to which this Site relates.

**Links to Third Party Sites**

The Site may provide links to other Web sites or resources over which SpiderOak does not have control (“External Web Sites”). Such links do not constitute an endorsement by SpiderOak of those External Web Sites. You acknowledge that SpiderOak is providing these links to you only as a convenience, and further agree that SpiderOak is not responsible for the content of such External Web Sites. Your use of External Web Sites is subject to the terms of use and privacy policies located on the linked to External Web Sites.

**Security**

We employ procedural and technological security measures that are reasonably designed to help protect your Personally-Identifiable Data from loss, unauthorized access, disclosure, alteration or destruction, which includes encryption, password protection, and other security measures to help prevent unauthorized access to your Personally-Identifiable Data. The data that you transmit as part of your use of the Services (“Storage Data”) is in encrypted form and SpiderOak does not have access to your Storage Data in its unencrypted form.

**Notice to European Users**

The information you enter on this Site or otherwise provide to SpiderOak may be transferred outside of the European Union to the United States of America. SpiderOak's handing of data and this Privacy Policy adheres to the Safe Harbor Privacy Principles, which were issued by the United States Department of Commerce on July 21, 2000 in response to the European Union's Directive on Data Protection.

**SpiderOak is a licensee of BBB Online's privacy program**

BBB Online is an independent, non-profit organization whose mission is to promote fair business practices on the web. As a licensee of BBB Online's privacy program, SpiderOak is demonstrating its commitment to your privacy as provided for in this Privacy Policy by agreeing to disclose its information practices and have its privacy practices reviewed for compliance by BBB Online. If you have questions or concerns regarding this statement, you should first contact us at: [privacy@spideroak.com](mailto:privacy@spideroak.com). If your inquiry is not timely and adequately addressed, you should then contact BBB Online at: [www.bbb.org](http://www.bbb.org/). BBB Online will then serve as a liaison with SpiderOak to resolve your concerns.

**Correction/Updating Personally Identifiable Information**

SpiderOak provides you with the ability to review, correct and delete any of the Personally-Identifiable Data that you have provided to us; provided, however upon deletion you must cease using the Services since we will no longer be able to provide the Services to you. If you wish to review or correct any Personally-Identifiable Data you have provided to us, you may access your account using the SpiderOak application.

If you have any questions regarding this Privacy Policy please contact us via email at [privacy@spideroak.com](mailto:privacy@spideroak.com).

This Privacy Policy was last updated: December 11, 2009

This Privacy Policy is effective as of: December 11, 2009
