> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the spifftv.com privacy policy that was archived on 2017-06-06. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20170606154422id_/http%3A//spifftv.com/privacy.php) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# 

 

PRIVACY POLICY Information That We Collect? When you visit spiffTV.com they are two different types of information we can collect. This includes web site information that is automatically collected such as your ip address and cookies. you can also provide us with personal information you knowingly choose to disclose that is collected on an individual basis. Personal Information You May Choose to Provide If you purchase products or services from us or any of our partners, you will most probably have to give personal information and authorization to obtain information from various credit services. For example, you may need to provide the following information. Name, Mailing address, E-mail address, Credit card details, Home and business phone number. We also accept payment with payment. Ip address and Cookies Like most Web sites, our Web site utilizes a standard technology called "cookies". (cookies) are small pieces of text, stored on a user's computer by a web browser; and contain the user's settings, shopping cart contents, or other data used by websites (from wikipedia). With these we collect information about how our Web site is used. Information gathered through cookies and Web server logs may include the date and time of visits, the pages viewed, time spent at our Web site, and the Web sites visited just before and just after our Web site. This information is collected on an aggregate basis. None of this information is associated with you as an individual. How Do We Use Information We Collect from Cookies? We use Web site browser software tools such as cookies and Web server logs to gather information about our Web site users' browsing activities in order to constantly improve our Web site and better serve our customers. This information assists us to design and arrange our Web pages in the most user-friendly manner and to continually improve our Web site to better meet the needs of our customers and prospective customers. Security We will protect all the personal information you share with us. Will we only share them with authorized third party agents who may also need access to some of your personal information. For example, if we need to ship something to you, we must share your name and address with a shipping company. We will only provide third party agents with information that is need to complete the trade. Copyright and trade infringement Spiff TV are simply reporters in UK urban media including UK hip hop and grime. We do not intend to do any copyrighting or infringements on any lawful trademarks or lawful copyrights. We only intend to simply our viewers with news and reports on what happening in the streets and the entertainment industry. 

|  THE BEST MIXTAPES OUT NOW
