> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the spill.com privacy policy that was archived on 2007-08-18. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20070818055129id_/http%3A//www.spill.com/privacy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Movie Reviews from Spill.com » Privacy Policy

## Privacy Policy

**Welcome to Spill.com!**  
Here at Spill.com we deliver entertaining and informative content while maintaining the most professional service standards. This means we are dedicated to protecting and handling any personal information you provide with care and respect.    
We would encourage anyone using _[www.Spill.com](http://www.spill.com/)_ or other websites owned or operated by Spill.com (the "Sites") to make educated decisions about their online practices. To help them do so, this Privacy Policy details the important information that will help answer any questions regarding personal privacy in relation to our Sites, services & software.  ****  
Please note that any video, image, information or other content becomes published content when posted onto the Spill.com Sites at the direction of anyone using the Sites and will not be considered Personal Information subject to this Privacy Policy. Also, this Privacy Policy is incorporated into and is subject to the[Spill.com Terms of Use](http://www.spill.com/terms); your use of the Spill.com Sites and any Personal Information you provide on the Sites remains subject to both the terms of this Privacy Policy and our [Terms of Use](http://www.spill.com/terms).  
**The Information Spill.com Collects:   **  
When this Privacy Policy uses the term "Personal Information," we mean information that identifies a particular individual, such as the individual’s name, postal address, e-mail address, and telephone number. When other information, such as, for example, consumer product preferences, or number of children, is directly associated with Personal Information, this other information also becomes Personal Information for purposes of this Privacy Policy.  
We use both your Personal Information and certain non-personally-identifiable information (such as anonymous user usage data, cookies, IP addresses, browser type, clickstream data, etc.) to improve the quality and design of the Spill.com Sites and to create new features, promotions, functionality, and services by storing, tracking, and analyzing user preferences and trends. ****

  * **User Provided Information:**  You provide certain Personal Information (such as your name and email address) to Spill.com when choosing to participate in various activities on the Spill.com Sites including, without limitation, uploading videos, posting messages or comments, entering contests or sweepstakes, taking advantage of promotions, responding to surveys, or subscribing to newsletters or other mailing lists.
  * **Cookies:   **We place cookies on your computer. Our cookies are very small and harmless pieces of code. They allow us to provide custom, personalized content and they remember your information so that you don’t have to re-enter it during your visits to the Spill.com Sites. They are stored on your hard drive and communicate with our servers only when you are visiting the Spill.com Sites.  
  * **Log File Information:**  Spill.com may log information that is generally available to every website you visit. These logs may include your web request, IP address, browser type, browser language, platform type, the date and time of your request, number of clicks within our environment, page views and perhaps the amount of time spent on our particular pages. This information is entirely anonymous and cannot be used to personally identify you but may become personally identifiable when you share User Provided Information, as described above. 



**Children Under 13**  
Spill.com does not knowingly collect Personal Information from persons under 13 years of age, and no part of our Sites or service are directed to persons under 13. If you are under 13 years of age, then please do not use the Spill.com Sites. If Spill.com learns that Personal Information of persons under 13 years of age has been collected on the Spill.com Sites without verified parental consent, then Spill.com will take the appropriate steps to delete this information.  
**The Way Spill.com Uses Information**  
As described in detail below, Spill.com may use your Personal Information in various ways, including sending you communications that directly promote the use of our Spill.com Sites, products or services ("promotional materials"). You may, of course, decline to submit Personal Information through the Spill.com Sites, in which case Spill.com may not be able to provide certain services to you.

  * If you submit Personal Information to us through the Spill.com Sites, we may use your personal information to operate, maintain, and provide to you the certain features and functionality of the Spill.com Sites that require such information.
  * Personal Information collected under this Privacy Policy is shared among and is used by Spill.com and MIVA Inc. (its parent company), including all of its subsidiaries and affiliated entities (collectively “MIVA”). For example, MIVA, including Spill.com, may use your Personal Information to send you promotional materials about goods and services (including special offers and promotions) either offered by MIVA or by third parties. For purposes of clarity, we do not share your Personal Information with third parties unless otherwise authorized by you but you may see such third party promotional material offered through Spill.com. 
  * We may use your information to complete transactions requested by you (such as your purchase of a product or services offered on our Sites), or to send you administrative communications either about your account with us or about features of our Sites, including any future changes to this Privacy Policy.
  * Spill.com may take your Personal Information and make it non-personally identifiable, either by combining it with information about other individuals (aggregating your information with information about other individuals), or by removing characteristics (such as your name) that make the information personally identifiable to you (de-personalizing your information). Given the nature of this information, there are no restrictions under this Privacy Policy upon the right of Spill.com to aggregate or de-personalize your Personal Information, and Spill.com may use and/or share with third parties the resulting non-personal information in any way.



**Information Spill.com Discloses**  
We provide Personal Information and non-personally-identifiable information to our subsidiaries, affiliated companies, or other businesses or persons for the purpose of processing such information on our behalf. For example, we may use a payment vender to take and process credit card payments, or share your address with a shipping company if we needed to mail you an order. We require that these parties agree to process such information in compliance with our privacy policy and are allowed to gather, receive, and use your information only for the purposes for which their services are intended.    
Spill.com will not share your Personal Information with third parties for promotional purposes, except when you clearly consent to such sharing; for example, by purchasing products or services labeled and offered by a third party or electing to receive information or communications from a third party. When you do so authorize Spill.com to share your Personal Information or when you share Personal Information with a third party through our Sites yourself (e.g. with an advertiser at one of our Sites), your Personal Information will become permanently subject to the terms & privacy practices of the third party, and the third party will not be restricted by this Privacy Policy with respect to its use and further sharing of your Personal Information.  
Your account name (not your email address) may be displayed to other users when you upload videos or send messages through the Spill.com Sites and other users may be able to contact you through message boards and/or posted comments. Any videos, content or messages that you submit to the Spill.com Sites may be redistributed through the internet and other media channels, and may be viewed by the general public without being subject to this Privacy Policy. Please note that media files uploaded by users to the Spill.com Sites cannot be removed and remain subject to our Terms of Use.  
Finally, Spill.com will disclose personal information when it believes in good faith that such disclosures (a) are required by law, including, for example, to comply with a court order or subpoena, or (b) will help to: enforce our Terms of Use or any other posted rules or policies; protect your safety or security, including the safety and security of property that belongs to you; and/or, protect the safety and security of our Sites, Spill.com, MIVA and/or third parties, including the safety and security of property that belongs to Spill.com or third parties.  
**Security of Your Information**  
The security and confidentiality of your information is extremely important to us. We have implemented technical, administrative, and physical security measures to protect guest information from unauthorized access and improper use. From time to time, we review our security procedures in order to consider appropriate new technology and methods. Please be aware though that, despite our best efforts, no security measures are impenetrable and any Personal Information you choose to transmit to Spill.com is done at your own risk.  
To protect your privacy and security, we take reasonable steps (such as requesting a unique password) to verify your identity before granting you profile access or making corrections. You are responsible for maintaining the secrecy of your unique password and account information at all times.  
**Changes and updates to this Privacy Policy**  
This Privacy Policy may be revised periodically and this will be reflected by the "effective date" below. Please revisit this page to stay aware of any changes. In general, we only use your Personal Information in the manner described in the Privacy Policy as it exists upon the Effective Date that the Personal Information you provided was received. Your continued use of the Spill.com Sites constitutes your agreement to this Privacy Policy and any future revisions.  
**Contact Information:**   
If you have any questions or concerns about this Spill.com Privacy Policy or its implementation please contact us at the following addresses:   
[Support@spill.com](mailto:Support@spill.com)   
Spill.com  
Attention: Chief Privacy Officer  
143 Varick Street   
New York, NY 10013

**Effective Date:   **February 16, 2007
