> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the spingo.com privacy policy that was archived on 2016-03-12. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20160312091545id_/https%3A//www.spingo.com/privacy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy Policy | SpinGo

Thank you for visiting the internet web site (“Site”) of SpinGo® Solutions, Inc. (“SpinGo®”) located at the URL: www.spingo.com (our “Site”). This Privacy Policy details certain policies governing SpinGo’s® use of personally identifiable information about users of our Site and services offered on or through the Site.

### Privacy Policy Updates

Due to the Internet’s rapidly evolving nature, SpinGo® may need to update this Privacy Policy from time to time. Any revisions made to this Privacy Policy will be posted on our Site. Please check the revision date at the bottom of this page to determine if the policy has been modified since you last reviewed it. Should any changes be deemed unacceptable to you, you will cease to use the Site. Your continued use of the Site and/or continued provision of personally identifiable information to us will be subject to the terms of, and deemed as your acceptance of, the then-current Privacy Policy.

### Information Collection and Use

You can generally visit our Site without revealing any personally identifiable information about yourself. However, in certain sections of this Site and when you post an event to the Site, we may invite you to register or provide personally identifiable information which may include, without limitation, your name, address, email address, phone number, age or date of birth, gender, password, credit card number and other contact information that you voluntarily transmit with your communication to us. SpinGo® may use third parties to accept and process orders and credit card purchases for services. If you register with the Site or purchase event upgrades from us, you may automatically receive emails confirming your registration and/or purchase, providing you with the necessary information relating to the access or use of your registration and/or purchase. As with most websites, our web servers will also collect information about your visit, but this will not be personal information.

We may use your personally identifiable information to register you to use our services, contact you to deliver certain services or information you have requested, verify your authority to enter our Site, improve the content and general administration of the Site and our services, provide you with notices regarding goods or services that you have purchased or may wish to purchase in the future, provide you with notices about other users of our Site or services that you may wish to contact and for targeted advertising.

### Disclosure

We may provide personally identifiable information and the data generated by cookies and the aggregate information to the vendors and service agencies that we may engage to assist us in providing our services to you provided that such parties are bound to comply with our Privacy Policy or have privacy policies that protect your information. For example, we may provide your personally identifiable information to a credit card processing company to process your payment. We will disclose your personally identifiable information (i) when we reasonably believe we are required to do so by law, regulation or other government authority or when we deem it appropriate or necessary to provide such information to law enforcement authorities, (ii) to enforce the SpinGo® Terms of Use located at www.spingo.com/terms, (iii) to protect and defend the rights or property of SpinGo®, or (iv) to protect the safety of our employees, agents, or users of our Site and our services. We may transfer your personally identifiable information to a successor entity upon a merger, consolidation or other corporate reorganization in which we participate.

### Cookies

We may use small text files called cookies to improve overall Site experience. A cookie is a piece of data stored on the user’s hard drive containing information about the user. Cookies generally do not permit us to personally identify you.

### Aggregate Information

The Site may track the total number of visitors to our Site, the number of visitors to each page of our Site, URL, date and time of your visit, browser type, IP addresses, External Web Sites (defined below) linked to, and we may analyze this data for trends and statistics in the aggregate, but such information will be maintained, used and disclosed in aggregate form only and it will not contain personally identifiable information. We may use such aggregate information to analyze trends, administer the Site, track users’ movement, and gather broad demographic information for aggregate use.

### Submission of Non-Personally Identifiable Information

When you create an event, venue, or group, post comments or photos, that submission becomes public. The public may see any information that you include in your submission, and as such, SpinGo® has no control over how this information will be used. For that reason, please think carefully about what personal information you disclose in your submissions. Additionally, information you submit which is not personally identifiably information shall be governed by SpinGo’s® Terms of Use located atwww.spingo.com/terms.

### Links to Third Party Sites

The Site may provide links to other Web sites or resources over which SpinGo® does not have control (“External Web Sites”). Such links do not constitute an endorsement by SpinGo® of those External Web Sites. You acknowledge that SpinGo® is providing these links to you only as a convenience, and further agree that SpinGo® is not responsible for the content of such External Web Sites. Your use of External Web Sites is subject to the terms of use and privacy policies located on the linked to External Web Sites.

### Children’s Privacy

SpinGo® recognizes the privacy interests of children and we encourage parents and guardians to take an active role in their children’s online activities and interests. This Site is not intended for children under the age of 13. SpinGo® does not target its services or this Site to children under 13. SpinGo® does not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from children under the age of 13. SpinGo® respects the privacy of parents and children and is committed to complying with the Children's Online Privacy Protection Act (COPPA). If a parent believes that his or her child has submitted personal information to SpinGo®, he or she can contact us via e-mail atprivacy@spingo.com. SpinGo® will promptly delete the information upon learning that it relates to a child under the age of 13. Please note that it is possible some of this information may remain archived in web logs and back-up archives after SpinGo® deletes the information from its active database.

SpinGo® believes that parents should supervise their children's online activities and consider using parental control tools available from online services and software manufacturers that help provide a kid-friendly online environment. These tools can also prevent children from otherwise disclosing online their name, address and other personal information without parental permission.

### Security

We may employ procedural and technological security measures that are reasonably designed to help protect your personally identifiable information from loss, unauthorized access, disclosure, alteration or destruction. SpinGo® may use firewalls, password protection, secure socket layer, and other security measures to help prevent unauthorized access to your personally identifiable information.

### Processing of Personal Information

Our computer systems are currently based in the United States, so your personal data will be processed by us in the U.S. where data protection and privacy regulations may not offer the same level of protection as in other parts of the world, such as the European Union. If you create a user account with our Site as a visitor from outside the United States, by using our Site you agree to this Privacy Policy and you consent to the transfer of all such information to the United States, which may not offer an equivalent level of protection of that required in the European Union or certain other countries, and to the processing of that information as described in this Privacy Policy.

If you have any questions regarding this Privacy Policy please contact us via email at privacy@spingo.com.

This Privacy Policy was last updated: July 9, 2013
