> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the textbooknova.com privacy policy that was archived on 2019-12-10. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20191210051630id_/https%3A//textbooknova.com/privacy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Book Nova Text Book Search Engine Privacy Policy

Last Updated: May 25, 2018

Nova Net LLC (“Textbook Nova”) operates TextbookNova.com and related websites (the “Website”). Textbook Nova respects your privacy regarding information Textbook Nova may collect through your use of the Website in accordance with this Privacy Policy. By accessing and using the Website, you agree to the terms and conditions contained herein.

**Collection of Information**  
Textbook Nova collects several types of information from and about users of the Website, including information: (i) by which you may be personally identified, such as name, postal address, email address, telephone number or any other identifier by which you may be contacted online or offline (“personal information” or “personally identifiable information”); (ii) that is about you but does not individually identify you; and (iv) about your internet connection, the equipment you use to access the Website and usage details. Textbook Nova collects this information directly from you when you provide it to Textbook Nova and automatically as you navigate through the Website.

_Information You Provide to Textbook Nova_. The information Textbook Nova collects on or through the Website may include information that you provide by filling in forms on the Website. This includes information provided at the time of registering to use the Website, subscribing to the service, posting material or requesting further services. Textbook Nova may also ask you for: (i) information when you report a problem with the Website; (ii) records and copies of your correspondence (including email addresses), if you contact Textbook Nova; (iii) your financial information before placing an order through the Website; and (iv) details of transactions you carry out through the Website and of the fulfillment of your orders.

Textook Nova collects and processes Personal Data for the following reasons:  


  1. where it is necessary for the performance of our agreement with you to provide our service and deliver content
  2. where it is necessary for the compliance with legal obligations that we are subject to
  3. where it is necessary for the purposes of legitimate and legal interests of Textbook Nova, Nova Net LLC, or a third party (e.g. other customers), except where such interests are overridden by your prevailing legitimate interests and rights; or
  4. where you have given consent to it



_Information Textbook Nova Collects Through Automatic Data Collection Technologies_. As you navigate through and interact with the Website, Textbook Nova may use automatic data collection technologies (such as cookies, web beacons and other tracking technologies) or third parties (such as Textbook Nova’s business partners) to collect certain information about your equipment, browsing actions and patterns, including: (i) details of your visits to the Website, including traffic data, location data, logs and other communication data and the resources that you access and use on the Website; and (ii) information about your computer and internet connection, including your IP address, operating system and browser type. This information helps Textbook Nova better understand how you use the Website.

The cookies used by this website may contain a user ID number, a username, email address, or other information. Users who do not wish to have cookies placed on their computers may set their browsers to refuse cookies before using the Website, with the drawback that certain features of the Website may not function properly without the aid of cookies.

Visitor IP addresses are collected for the use of tracking how they use the service and how it could be improved. IP addresses are also used to monitor and audit the behavior of the user on the website in order to prevent abuse and inhibit bad actors from attacking the service.

**Third-party data processors**  


This website uses MailChimp to collect and process email addresses from users who have opted in to receive our newsletter in email. If you wish to no longer receive these emails and have your data removed from the service you can use the 'Unsubscribe' button at the bottom of the email, or send an email to 'admin@textbooknova.com' with your request.

This website uses Google Analytics, a web analytics service provided by Google, Inc. ("Google"). Google Analytics uses "cookies", which are text files placed on visitors' computers, to help the website operators analyze how visitors use the site. The information generated by the cookie about the visitors' use of the website will generally be transmitted to and stored by Google on servers in the United States.

Google will retain user data for 26 months after it is collected, and no personally identifying information is stored in the data layer.

Google will not associate the IP address transferred in the context of Google Analytics with any other data held by Google. You may refuse the use of cookies by selecting the appropriate settings on your browser. However, please note that in this case you may not be able to use the full functionality of this website.

Furthermore, users can prevent the collection of data about their use of the website (including their IP address) generated by the cookie, and the processing of data by Google, by downloading and installing the browser plug-in through the following link: http://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout?hl=en.

This website uses Disqus so that visitors can comment on books and communicate to each other. Users can opt out of having their data collecteed and processed by Disqus by following this link: https://disqus.com/data-sharing-settings/

**Use of Information**  
If you have supplied your email address through the Website, Textbook Nova may occasionally send you emails to tell you about new features, solicit your feedback or just keep you up-to-date with what’s going on with Textbook Nova and its services. If you send Textbook Nova a request (for example, via a support email or one of Textbook Nova’s feedback mechanisms), Textbook Nova reserves the right to publish it in order to help Textbook Nova clarify or respond to your request or to help Textbook Nova support other users.

Textbook Nova may collect statistics about the behavior of users of the Website and may display this information publicly or provide it to others. However, Textbook Nova does not disclose personally identifying information other than as described herein. Users can always refuse to supply personally identifying information, with the caveat that it may prevent them from engaging in certain Website-related activities. In addition, users may request further information from Textbook Nova concerning the collection and processing of their data.

Textbook Nova reserves the right to use collected information to place a user onto a temporary black list if Textbook Nova determines that such user is abusing the Website. A user on Textbook Nova’s black list will be denied access to the Website and the services provided, as determined in Textbook Nova’s sole discretion.

**Protection of Certain Personally Identifying Information**  
Textbook Nova takes all measures reasonably necessary to protect against the unauthorized access, use, alteration or destruction of potentially personally identifying and personally identifying information. Textbook Nova will not rent or sell potentially personally identifying or personally identifying information to anyone. Where possible any personally identifying information will be hashed or encrypted before being saved.

Textbook Nova discloses potentially personally identifying and personally identifying information only (i) to those of its employees, contractors and affiliated organizations that (a) need to know such information in order to process it on Textbook Nova’s behalf or to provide services available on the Website and (b) have agreed not to disclose it to others. Such employees, contractors and affiliated organizations may be located outside of your home country, and by using the Website, you consent to the transfer of information to them; (ii) in response to a subpoena, court order or other governmental request; (iii) when Textbook Nova believes in good faith that disclosure is reasonably necessary to protect the property or rights of Textbook Nova, third parties or the public at large; or (iv) for legal purposes in court or in the stages leading to possible legal action arising from a user’s use of the Website or related services.

If Textbook Nova, or substantially all of its assets, is acquired, or in the unlikely event that Textbook Nova goes out of business or enters bankruptcy, user information would be one of the assets that is transferred or acquired. You acknowledge that such transfer may occur, and that any acquirer of Textbook Nova may continue to use your information as set forth in this Privacy Policy.

**Ads and Third-Party Links**  
At Textbook Nova’s discretion, Textbook Nova may include or offer third-party products or services on the Website through linked sites. Some JavaScript code and ads appearing on the Website may be delivered to users by advertising partners, who may set cookies. These cookies allow the ad server to recognize your computer each time they send you an online advertisement to compile information about you or others who use your computer. This information allows ad networks to, among other things, deliver targeted advertisements that they believe will be of most interest to you. This Privacy Policy covers the use of cookies by Textbook Nova and does not cover the use of cookies by any advertisers or the privacy policies of any linked sites. Textbook Nova has no responsibility or liability for the content and activities of such ads or linked sites. Nevertheless, Textbook Nova seeks to protect the integrity of the Website and welcomes any feedback about the Website and the ads and linked sites.

The Website is a participant in the Amazon Services LLC (“Amazon”) Associates Program, an affiliate advertising program designed to provide a means for websites to earn advertising fees by advertising and linking to Amazon.com. Amazon has the ability to serve users of the Website with content and/or advertisements. A user that has been directed to Amazon by the Website may have such user’s information collected and Amazon will place and/or recognize cookies on the user’s browser. Amazon has a separate and independent privacy policy which can be read here. Certain content that appears on the Website comes from Amazon. This content is provided “as is” and is subject to change or removal at any time.

The Website employs Google Analytics tracking to help monitor the Website’s usage and improve the platform. Google’s use of the DART cookie enables it to serve ads to Website users based on previous visits to the Website and other sites on the Internet. Users may opt out of the use of the DART cookie by visiting the Google Ad and Content Network privacy policy. Google Analytics tracking will include demographics and interests reporting on each user it has tracked. Textbook Nova, along with third-party vendors such as Google, use first-party cookies (such as the DART cookie) and third-party cookies (such as the DoubleClick cookie) or other third-party identifiers together to compile data regarding user interactions with ad impressions and other ad service functions as they relate to the Website. To opt out, users can set preferences for how Google advertises using the Google Ad Settings page. Alternatively, users can opt out by visiting the Network Advertising Initiative Opt Out page or by using the Google Analytics Opt Out Browser add-on.

**California Privacy Rights**  
California Civil Code Section 1798.83 permits users of the Website who are California residents to request certain information regarding Textbook Nova’s disclosure of personal information to third parties for direct marketing purposes. To make such a request, please send an email to admin@textbooknova.com.

**Accessing and Correcting Your Information**  
You can review and change your personal information by logging into the Website and visiting your account profile page. You may also send Textbook Nova an email at admin@textbooknova.com to request access to, correct or delete any personal information that you have provided to Textbook Nova. Textbook Nova cannot delete your personal information except by also deleting your user account. Textbook Nova may not accommodate a request to change information if Textbook Nova believes the change would violate any law or legal requirement or cause the information to be incorrect.

**Children Online Privacy Protection Act**  
The Website is not intended for children under 13 years of age. No one under age 13 may provide any information to or on the Website. Textbook Nova does not knowingly collect personal information from children under 13. If you are under 13, do not use or provide any information on the Website or on or through any of its features, register on the Website, make any purchases through the Website, use any of the interactive or public comment features of the Website or provide any information about yourself to Textbook Nova, including your name, postal address, telephone number, email address, or any screen name or user name you may use. If Textbook Nova learns it has collected or received personal information from a child under 13 without verification of parental consent, Textbook Nova will delete that information. If you believe Textbook Nova might have any information from or about a child under 13, please contact Textbook Nova at admin@textbooknova.com.

**Privacy Policy Changes**  
Textbook Nova may change this Privacy Policy from time to time, and in Textbook Nova’s sole discretion. Textbook Nova encourages users to frequently check this page for any changes to this Privacy Policy. Your continued use of this Website after any such changes constitutes your acceptance of such changes.

**Contact**  
If you have any questions or suggestions regarding this Privacy Policy, or would like to have your data removed, please contact Textbook Nova at admin@textbooknova.com.
