> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the co-optimus.com privacy policy that was archived on 2013-06-30. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20130630081024id_/http%3A//www.co-optimus.com/privacy.php) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Co-Optimus - Co-Optimus Privacy Policy

This privacy policy describes the Co-Optimus’s current policies and practices with regard to personal data collected by the Co-Optimus through this web site. This privacy policy does not apply to information collected offline or in any other way. The term "personal data" refers to personally identifiable information about you, such as your name, birth date, e-mail address or mailing address, and any other information that identifies you personally.

Your Consent. By using this web site or any Co-Optimus Web site, you consent to our use of your personal data as described in this privacy policy.

Notification Of Changes To This Policy. The Co-Optimus is continually improving and adding new functionality and features to this web site and improving and adding to its existing services and programs. Because of these ongoing changes, changes in the law and the changing nature of technology, the Co-Optimus’s data practices will change from time to time. If and when our data practices change, the Co-Optimus will post the changes on this web site to notify you of the changes. We encourage you to check this page frequently.

Personal Data Collected Through This Web Site. The only personal data the Co-Optimus currently collects through this web site is the information you give us when you use our site. This includes, for example, the information you provide when you register for a chat room, newsletter or other program or service or when you send us your comments or requests for information.

The Co-Optimus uses the information you provide for the purposes for which it was originally collected, for example, to respond to your e-mail or provide the programs or services you requested. The Co-Optimus also uses this information to help us improve the content and functionality of our web sites, to better understand the needs and interests of the people and organizations that use our web site, and to improve our programs and services. The Co-Optimus may use this information to contact you in the future to tell you about organizations, programs, services, and other things we believe will be of interest to you or to ask for your support.

The Co-Optimus may share the personal information you provide to us with consultants and other third parties who act for or on behalf of the Co-Optimus, for further processing or analysis. In addition, there may be some other, limited circumstances in which the Co-Optimus may share or transfer the personal information in its databases, for example, to comply with a legal requirement, for the administration of justice, to protect your vital interests, to protect the security or integrity of our databases or this web site, to take precautions against legal liability, or in the event of a corporate merger, reorganization, dissolution or similar event.

Anonymous Data Collected Through Co-Optimus Websites. In addition to the information you provide when you use our web site, The Co-Optimus uses technology to collect anonymous information about the use of our web site. For example, we use technology to track how many visitors access our web site, the date and time of their visit, the length of their stay, and which pages they view. We also use technology to determine which web browsers our visitors use and the address from which they accessed our site.

This technology does not identify you personally. It simply enables us to compile statistics about our visitors and their use of our site. The Co-Optimus uses this anonymous data and shares it with third-parties for various reasons, for example, to improve the content and functionality of our web site, to better understand the needs and interests of our visitors, to improve our programs and services.

Cookies. In order to collect the anonymous data described in the preceding paragraph, the Co-Optimus may use temporary "cookies" that collect the first level domain name of the user (for example, if your e-mail address is "name@xyz.com," the cookie collects the "xyz.com" portion of your e-mail address) and the date and time you accessed this Web site. Cookies by themselves cannot be used to discover the identity of the user. A cookie is a small piece of information which is sent to your browser and stored on your computer’s hard drive. Cookies do not damage your computer. You can set your browser to notify you when you receive a cookie. This enables you to decide if you want to accept it or not. At the present time, the Co-Optimus only uses temporary or "session" cookies. These "session" cookies expire when your browser window is closed.

In order for certain applications on the Co-Optimus’s websites to function properly, if at all, it is necessary for your computer to accept cookies.

Children. The Co-Optimus does not knowingly collect personal data from children under the age of thirteen. If you are under thirteen, please do not give us any personal data. If you have reason to believe that a child has provided personal data to the Co-Optimus, please contact us, and we will endeavor to delete that information from our databases. As we develop online programs for children, we will adopt appropriate policies and practices to protect the privacy of children.

Links to Other Sites. This privacy policy applies only to this web site. This site contains many hyperlinks to web sites that are not operated by the Co-Optimus. These hyperlinks are provided for your reference and convenience only and do not imply any endorsement of the activities of these third-party web sites or any association with their operators. The Co-Optimus does not control these web sites and is not responsible for their data practices. We urge you to review the privacy policy posted on any site you visit before using the site or providing any personal data about yourself.

Governing Law. This privacy policy forms part of our web-site Terms and Conditions and as such shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the United States.

Questions About Our Privacy Policy. If you have any questions about this privacy policy or concerns about the way the Co-Optimus uses personal data, please contact us.

Note: Our site uses GoogleAdsense technology to serve ads relevant to users. As of March 13th, 2009 Google has begun using DART technology, which tracks user visits on ALL websites using adsense to better serve relavant ads.

Google, as a third party vendor, uses cookies to serve these ads on Co-Optimus.com. Users may opt out of the use of the DART cookie by visiting the Google ad and content [network privacy policy](http://www.google.com/privacy_ads.html).

We allow third-party companies to serve ads and/or collect certain anonymous information when you visit our web site. These companies may use non-personally identifiable information (e.g., click stream information, browser type, time and date, subject of advertisements clicked or scrolled over) during your visits to this and other Web sites in order to provide advertisements about goods and services likely to be of greater interest to you. These companies typically use a cookie or third party web beacon to collect this information. To learn more about this behavioral advertising practice or to opt-out of this type of advertising, you can visit <http://www.networkadvertising.org/managing/opt_out.asp>
