> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the 5280.com privacy policy that was archived on 2016-11-24. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20161124220957id_/http%3A//www.5280.com/page/privacy-policy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy Policy | 5280

**Online Privacy Policy**

Thank you for using this service, which is owned by 5280 Publishing, Inc. (“5280,” “we,” “us,” or “our”).

**Effective Date**  
April  18, 2016

**Scope of This Policy**  
This online privacy policy (this “Policy”) applies only to information collected through 5280-owned platforms on which it is posted (collectively, this “Site”), including our website at [www.5280.com](http://www.5280.com/). It does not apply to third-party platforms or to other platforms owned by 5280. It also does not apply to information collected through other channels, such as over the phone or in person.

Some of the information we collect through this Site may be “personal information”—information that identifies you personally, alone or in combination with other information available to us. Other information may be nonpersonally identifiable, such as information collected by cookies.

**Your Consent**  
Please take a few minutes to review this Policy before using this Site. By using this Site, you are consenting to the collection, use and disclosure of your information as set forth in this Policy. If you do not agree to be bound by this Policy, you may not access or use this Site.

**This Policy is Part of Our Terms of Use**  
This Policy is part of the [Terms of Use](http://www.5280.com/node/49654) that govern your use of this Site. A link to our [Terms of Use](http://www.5280.com/node/49654) is provided at the bottom of each page of this Site.

**Types of Information We Collect**  
 _Information You Manually Provide_. 5280 collects the information you manually provide (using your keyboard, mouse, or touchpad) when you use this Site. For example, we collect the information you provide when you create an account, order a subscription, sign up for our email updates, ask us a question, or otherwise interact with this Site.  Some of the information you manually provide may be personal information, such as your name and contact information.

_Information From Third-Party Social Media Platforms._  You may be able to register with, log on to, or enhance your profile on this Site by choosing to automatically populate the requested data fields with information you previously provided to a third-party social media platform (such as Facebook or Twitter). By doing this, you are asking the third-party platform to send us information, including personal information, from your profile on that platform.

_Information from your browser or device.  _5280 collects information that is sent to us automatically by your web browser or mobile device. This information typically includes your IP address, the name of your operating system, the name and version of your browser, the date and time of your visit, and the pages you visit. The information we receive may depend on your browser or device settings.

The information we receive from your web browser and device is not, in and of itself, personally identifiable. However, we may combine it with other information in an attempt to identify you or we may combine it with information that does identify you. We may also review our server logs for security purposes—for example, to detect intrusions into our network—and we might share our server logs, which contain visitors’ IP addresses, with the appropriate investigative authorities who could use that information to trace and identify you.

_Information Collected by Cookies and Other Technologies_. A “cookie” is a small file placed on your device when you visit a site that can be understood by the site that issued the cookie. We use cookies and other technologies, including device identifiers, to collect information and support certain features of this Site. For example, we may use these technologies to:

  * collect information about the ways visitors use this Site—which pages they visit, which links they use, and how long they stay on each page;
  * support the features and functionality of this Site—for example, to save you the trouble of reentering information already in our database or to prompt the settings you established on previous visits;
  * personalize your experience when you use this Site; and
  * improve our marketing efforts, including through use of targeted advertising.



The information we collect using cookies and similar technologies is not, in and of itself, personally identifiable, but we may link it to personal information that you provide. If you do not wish to receive cookies, you may set your browser to reject cookies or to alert you when a cookie is placed on your computer. Although you are not required to accept cookies when you visit this Site, you may be unable to use all of the functionality of this Site if your browser rejects our cookies.

**Information About Third-Party Cookies and Interest-Based Advertising**  
 **[** You need to have a separate link in the universal footer on the website that jumps to this section. The link can be  “Ad Choices” or “About Ads.”]

In addition to the cookies 5280 delivers to your computer or mobile device through this Site, certain third parties may deliver cookies to you for a variety of reasons. For example, we may use Google Analytics, a web analytics tool that helps us understand how visitors engage with our Sites. To learn more about Google Analytics, [click here.](http://www.google.com/intl/en/analytics/privacyoverview.html) Other third parties may deliver cookies to your computer or mobile device for the purpose of tracking your online behaviors over time and across nonaffiliated websites and/or delivering targeted advertisements either on this Site or on other websites.

You have choices about the collection of information by third parties on our Sites. For example, if you don’t want information about your visit to this Site sent to Google Analytics, you may download an Opt-out Browser Add-on by [clicking here.](http://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout?hl=en) Please note that the Add-on does not prevent information from being sent to 5280.

In addition, if you would like to opt out of having participating entities collect your online behavior for advertising purposes when you are browsing our websites, [click here](http://www.aboutads.info/choices/) for a “Website Opt Out.” You will be directed to an industry-developed website that allows you to choose whether each listed entity may collect and use data for interest-based advertising purposes. It may be that some of the third parties that collect interest-based information on this Site do not participate in the Website Opt Out, in which case the best way to avoid third-party tracking of your online behaviors may be through your browser settings and deletion of cookies.

The Website Opt Out described above works only on websites. To opt out of having participating entities track your behaviors for advertising purposes when you are using a mobile app, download and use the Digital Advertising Alliance’s “App Choices” app. As with the Website Opt Out, the “Mobile App Opt Out” prevents tracking only by participating entities.

Please note that the Website Opt Out and Mobile App Opt Out are device specific. If you wish to opt-out from having interest-based information collected by participating entities across all devices, you need take the steps outlined above from each device.

**How We Use Information Collected Through This Site**  
Generally, we use the information we collect through this Site

  * to provide the information, products and services you request;
  * for security, credit or fraud prevention purposes;
  * to provide you with effective customer service;
  * to provide you with a personalized experience when you use this Site;
  * to contact you with information and notices related to your use of this Site;
  * to contact you with special offers and other information we believe will be of interest to you (in accordance with any privacy preferences you have expressed to us);
  * to invite you to participate in surveys and provide feedback to us (in accordance with any privacy preferences you have expressed to us);
  * to better understand your needs and interests;
  * to improve the content, functionality and usability of this Site;
  * to improve our products and services and to attract investors;
  * to improve our marketing and promotional efforts; and
  * for any other purpose identified in an applicable privacy notice, click-through agreement or other agreement between you and us.



Please see below for information about the choices you have about the ways we use your information.

**Your Choices**  
 _In General.  _We respect your right to make choices about the ways we collect, use, and disclose the information you provide on or through this Site. We strive to provide choices to you at a meaningful time and in a meaningful place. This Notice describes some of your other choices, such as your choice to opt out of receiving “cookies.”

_Do Not Track Mechanisms_. Your browser may deliver a “Do-Not-Track (‘DNT’) signal” to this Site. Because of the changing state of technology and indecision within the technology and marketing industries regarding the meaning of DNT signals, we currently do not make any guarantee that we will honor DNT signals.

_Previously Expressed Preferences._  You may change previously expressed preferences regarding how we use information you provide on or through this Site. For example, if you have provided your contact information and receive periodic emails from us, you may decide to stop receiving those emails by clicking the “unsubscribe” link in an email’s footer. You may be able to change other preferences through an account you create on this Site. Otherwise, please contact us using the information provided below.

**How to Access, Update or Correct Your Information**  
If you have created a profile on this Site, you may be able to access, update or correct your information through your account settings. Otherwise, you may need our help. Please contact us using the information provided below. We will respond to you within a reasonable time and, in any case, within the time limits established by applicable law.  We may ask you for additional information to verify your identity.  In most cases, we will provide access and correct or delete any inaccurate information you discover.  In some cases, however, we may limit or deny your request if the law permits or requires us to do so or if we are unable to verify your identity.  If you seek deletion of information that you posted when you were a minor, please contact us using the information provided below.

**Steps We Take to Safeguard your Information**  
We maintain reasonable administrative, physical and technological measures to protect the confidentiality and security of personal information you submit on or through this Site. Unfortunately, no website, server or database is completely secure or “hacker proof.” We therefore cannot guarantee that your personal information will not be disclosed, misused or lost by accident or by the unauthorized acts of others. Further, we cannot control dissemination of personal information you post on or through this Site using any social networking tools we may provide, and you should have no expectation of privacy in such information.

**How We Share Information With Others**  
 _With  _ _Third–Party Vendors_. 5280 shares information collected through this Site with third-party vendors who act on our behalf. For example, we may use third-party vendors to design and operate this Site; to conduct surveys; and to help us with our promotional efforts. These third-party vendors may need information about you to perform their obligations. Typically, they are required by contract to keep your information confidential and to use it only to provide services on our behalf; however, as described below, we may allow them to use aggregate or de-identified data for their own purposes or to market the products and services of their other clients.

_With Other Users of this Site_. You may be able to submit User-Generated Content on or through this Site. In this Policy, “User-Generated Content” or “UGC” refers to content that you post using the social networking tools we make available to you and that does not constitute “Feedback” (as that term is defined in our [Terms of Use](http://www.5280.com/node/49654)). Any personal information contained in UGC can be read, collected, or used by others. In addition, we may use UGC you submit for advertising campaigns and other promotions. We may or may not use your name in connection with such use, and we may or may not seek your consent before using the content for such purposes. Therefore, you should have no expectation of privacy with respect to UGC you submit on or through this Site.

_With Third-Party Social Media Platforms._  We may provide functionality on this Site that allows you to automatically post information to a third-party social media platform (such as Facebook, Twitter, or Pinterest). If you choose to take advantage of this functionality, people with access to your profile on the third-party platform will be able to see your post. Thus, you should have no expectation of privacy in those actions. Further, if you choose to link your profile on this Site with an account on a third-party social media platform, we may share the information in your profile with that third-party platform.

_In Aggregate or De-Identified Form._  We use information collected through this Site to create a compiled, aggregate view of usage patterns. We may share aggregate information with third parties so we and they can better understand our user base. We may also share with third parties information about how particular individuals use this Site, but only on a de-identified basis (“Individualized Data”). Individualized Data is not personally identifiable, but it does reflect the usage patterns of a particular Site user, as opposed to Site users collectively. We may provide basic demographic information (gender and age) in conjunction with providing Individualized Data. Third parties typically use this information for analytical purposes and to market their own products and services.

_With Other_ , _  Carefully Selected Business Partners_. From time to time, we may share your information with selected third parties for their own marketing purposes. For example, we may partner with third parties to sponsor contests or other promotions, and we may share with these third parties the information you submit to us to participate in the contest or take advantage of the promotion. Before doing so, however, we may offer you the opportunity to “opt out” or “opt in,” as required by applicable law.

_As Part of a Business Transfer_. Your information may be transferred to successor organization if, for example, we transfer the ownership or operation of this Site to another organization if we merge with or are acquired by another organization, or if we liquidate our assets. If such a transfer occurs, the successor organization’s use of your information will still be subject to this Policy and the privacy preferences you have expressed to us.

_To Comply With Laws and Protection of Our Rights and the Rights of Others_. We may disclose your information when we, in good faith, believe disclosure is appropriate to comply with the law, a court order or a subpoena. We may also disclose your information to prevent or investigate a possible crime, such as fraud or identity theft; to protect the security of this Site; to enforce or apply our online [Terms of Use](http://www.5280.com/node/49654) or other agreements; or to protect our own rights or property or the rights, property or safety of our users or others.

_As Described in a Privacy Notice or Click-Through Agreement_. We reserve the right to disclose your information as described in any privacy notice posted on this Site, or as described in any click-through agreement to which you have agreed.

**Children Under the Age of Thirteen**  
We are proud of this Site and we strive to ensure that it doesn’t offend people of any age. However, this Site is not intended for children or minors under the age of thirteen years without the permission of a parent or guardian. If you believe that a child has submitted personal information on or through this Site without the consent and supervision of a parent or guardian, please contact us using the information provided below so that we can take appropriate action.

**Links to Other Sites**  
This Site may provide links to other websites operated by third parties, including in some cases our third-party vendors. 5280 does not control these websites and is not responsible for their data practices. Any information you provide to third parties on their websites is covered under their privacy and data collection policies and is not covered by this Policy. We urge you to review the privacy policy posted on any site you visit before using the site or providing any personal information.

**This Policy May Change**  
We are continually improving and adding to the features and functionality of this Site and the services we offer through this Site. As a result of these changes (or changes in the law), we may need to update or revise this Policy. Accordingly, we reserve the right to update or modify this Policy at any time, without prior notice, by posting the revised version of this Policy behind the link marked “Privacy Policy” at the bottom of each page of this Site. Your continued use of this Site after we have posted the revised Policy constitutes your agreement to be bound by the revised Policy. However, we will honor the terms that were in effect when we gathered data from you.

For your convenience, whenever this Policy is changed, we will update the “effective date” at the top of this page. Be sure you check the effective date to see if this Policy has been revised since your last visit.

You may access the current version of this Policy at any time by clicking the link marked “Privacy Policy” at the bottom of each page of this Site.

**Contact Us**  
If you have any questions regarding this Privacy Policy, please contact us at:

1515 Wazee Street  
Suite 400  
Denver, CO 80202

You may also call us at 303-832-5280 or email us at [copyright@5280.com](mailto:support@5280.com). 
