> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the mavshack.com privacy policy that was archived on 2016-11-27. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20161127140740id_/http%3A//www.mavshack.com/en/privacypolicy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy Policy | Mavshack

**Welcome to Mavshack!**

Thank you for your interest in using Mavshack AB’s online products and services (e.g. our web site at [_www.mavshack.com_](http://www.mavshack.com/), our mobile sites and Mavshack Facebook pages, incl. [_www.facebook.com/mavshack_](http://www.facebook.com/mavshack), [_www.facebook.com/mavshackab_](http://www.facebook.com/mavshackab), [_www.facebook.com/mavshack.id_](http://www.facebook.com/mavshack.id), [_www.facebook.com/mavshack.in_](http://www.facebook.com/mavshack.in)), as well as all related web sites, mobile and tablet applications, and other services provided by us and on which a link to this Privacy Policy (this “Policy”) is displayed (collectively, “Services”). "Mavshack" refers to Mavshack AB (publ.), including its subsidiaries and affiliates (also referred to as “Mavshack”, "we", "us", or "our"). This Policy applies for processing of your personal data where Mavshack is the data controller or where we refer to the applicability of this Policy.

Please take your time to review and read this Policy. It is very important document and it includes information you need to know in relation of processing your personal data while using Mavshack’s Services. Mavshack is committed to protecting your privacy and to complying with applicable data protection and privacy laws. We know that you care how your personal data and information is collected, used and shared, and we appreciate that you have chosen to use our Services and trusted us to process your personal data and information accordingly.

In this Policy we are outlining the types of information we collect, how do we use and protect this information, when do we disclose it and what rights do you have in controlling this information.

**BY USING THE SERVICES AND/OR BY SUBMITTING PERSONAL DATA TO MAVSHACK, YOU AGREE TO THE PROCESSING OF YOUR PERSONAL DATA AS EXPLAINED IN THIS POLICY. IF YOU DO NOT AGREE WITH THIS POLICY, PLEASE DO NOT USE THE SERVICES OR PROVIDE MAVSHACK WITH YOUR PERSONAL DATA.**

We hope this Policy will be a helpful tool in understanding the data traffic and managing the information flows on the Mavshack’s Services. This Policy is incorporated into and is subject to the Mavshack [_Terms of Service_](http://mavshack.com/Home.aspx?pg=tou).

We will cover the following questions in this Policy:  
1)  the information we collect and process  
2) what we use your data for  
3) children’s privacy  
4) sharing your personal data with third parties  
5) your rights  
6) security of your personal data  
7) quality of your personal data and updating obligation  
8) information about the controller of your personal data  
9) US Safe Harbor  
10) changing this privacy policy

**_THE INFORMATION WE COLLECT AND PROCESS:_ **  
**User-provided information:** When you use the Services, you may provide and we may collect what is generally called “personally identifiable” information, or “personal information,” which is information that specifically identifies an individual (which we will refer to in this Policy collectively as "Personal Data"). When you register to become a member of the Services, we collect your email address. Please note that without providing that data you are unable to create your user account for using Mavshack Services. If you create your Mavshack account via the Facebook, then we get your first name and last name from the Facebook. We also collect your IP address to verify which region you are coming from in order to use our Services (incl. watch Mavshack Movies). In addition, we log yours log-in and log-out time in our system and also log which content you are seeing on Mavshack.  
You may provide us with Personal Data in various ways on the Services. For example, you provide us with Personal Data when you register for an account, use the Services, interact with other users of the Services through communication features, or send us customer service-related requests. We may, in accordance with applicable law, record your communication with our customer care, helpdesk or with other such contact points.

**Automatically collected information:** When you use the Services, we automatically collect certain non-personal information to help us understand how you use our Services and we may automatically record certain information from your device by using various types of technology, including “clear gifs" or “web beacons.” This “automatically collected" information may include your IP address or other device address or ID, web browser and/or device type, internet connectivity, the web pages or sites that you visit just before or just after you use the Services, the pages or other content you view or otherwise interact with on the Services, and the dates and times that you visit, access, or use the Services. We also may use these technologies to collect information regarding your interaction with email messages, such as whether you opened, clicked on, or forwarded a message. This information is gathered from all users.

**“Cookies" Information:** When you use the Services, we may send one or more cookies – small text files containing a string of alphanumeric characters – to your device. We use cookies to improve the quality of our Services and make the Services easier to use. We may use both session cookies and persistent cookies. A session cookie disappears after you close your browser. A persistent cookie remains after you close your browser and may be used by your browser on subsequent visits to the Services. The cookies will help us, among others, to remember you and your preferences while using our Services. Please review your web browser “Help" file to learn the proper way to modify your cookie settings. Please note that if you delete, or choose not to accept, cookies from the Services, you may not be able to utilize the features of the Services to their fullest potential.

**Data from Google Analytics:** Mavshack may use Google Analytics on the Services to create user navigation reports for our Services (e.g. Mavschack.com) administrators. We take measures to protect the technical information collected by our use of Google Analytics. Your Personal Data will only be used on a need to know basis to resolve technical issues, to administer the Services and identify visitor preferences. Any statistical reports or Services traffic information are exclusively accessed by authorised personnel within our company. We do not use any of this information to identify visitors and we do not share it with third parties. Google operates independently from us and has its own privacy policy in place, which we strongly suggest you review ([ _Google Privacy Policy_](http://www.google.com/policies/privacy/)). Google may use the information collected by our use of Google Analytics to evaluate users' activity on our Services. For more information, see [_Google Analytics Privacy_](http://www.google.com/analytics/learn/privacy.html). You may opt out from sending navigation information about your visit to the Services to Google Analytics by using the Google Analytics Opt-out page.

**Third Party Web Beacons and Third Party Buttons:** We may also implement third-party content or advertising on the Services that may use clear gifs or other forms of web beacons, which allow the third-party content provider to read and write cookies to your browser in connection with your viewing of the third party content on the Services. Additionally, we may implement third party buttons (such as Facebook “like” or “share” buttons) that may allow third parties to collect information about you through such third parties’ browser cookies, even when you do not interact with the button. Information collected through web beacons and buttons is collected directly by these third parties, and Mavshack does not participate in that data transmission. Information collected by a third party in this manner is subject to that third party’s own data collection, use, and disclosure policies. Please take a closer look at the paragraph below _“Sharing Your Personal Data With Third Parties”_.

**Information from Other Sources.** We may obtain information, including Personal Data, from third parties and sources other than the Services, such as our partners and advertisers. If we combine or associate information from other sources with Personal Data that we collect through the Services, we will treat the combined information as Personal Data in accordance with this Policy.

**_WHAT WE USE YOUR DATA FOR:_**  
We will use your Personal Data:  
* to provide the Services you have requested from us;  
* to communicate with you concerning your account and customer service or helpdesk issues;  
* to personalize and improve the Services;  
* to ensure the technical functioning of our Services;  
* to develop new Services and notify you of new releases of our Services, to send service notifications, to fulfil your requests for our Services, to improve our Services, and to solicit your feedback and input about our Services.  
In addition to abovementioned, we may use your personal data for:  
* direct marketing and making recommendations by personalizing our offering and for providing you with more relevant Services, for example, to make recommendations and to display customized content and advertising in our Services. We may, in accordance with applicable law, contact you to inform you of new Services, products or promotions we may offer. This may include displaying Mavshack AB and third party content.   
* research purposes, for example, to conduct market research;  
* sending you newsletters or other periodic communications from us, if you have opted into receiving the abovementioned info.  
We may use “cookies” information and “automatically collected” information we collect on the Services to: personalize our services, such as remembering your information so that you will not have to re-enter it during your visit or the next time you visit the Services; provide customized advertisements, content, and information; monitor and analyze the effectiveness of the Services and third-party marketing activities; monitor aggregate site usage metrics such as total number of visitors and pages viewed; and track your status in any promotions or other activities on the Services.  
Please note that one or more purposes listed above may apply simultaneously. Other than as set forth in this Policy, except for aggregate demographic information that we may share with third parties in a manner that does not link such information to any individual, we will not share your Personal Data with third parties unless you have given us permission to do so.

**_CHILDREN’S PRIVACY:_**  
Protecting the privacy of young children is especially important. You must be 18 years of age or older to subscribe to our Services. We do not knowingly collect Personal Data from children under the age of 18 without obtaining parental consent. In case the person under the age of 18 will get the possibility and access to utilize the Services, they may do so only with the involvement, supervision, and approval of a parent or legal guardian, and subject to our [_Terms of Service_](http://mavshack.com/Home.aspx?pg=tou). If we learn that Personal Data has been collected on the Services from persons under 18 years of age and without verifiable parental consent, then we will take the appropriate steps to delete this information. If you are a parent or guardian and discover that your child under 18 years of age has obtained an account on the Services, then you may alert us at [_legal@mavshack.com_](mailto:legal@mavshack.com) and request that we delete that child’s Personal Data from our systems.

**_SHARING YOUR PERSONAL DATA WITH THIRD PARTIES:_**  
We do not sell, lease, rent or otherwise disclose your personal data to third parties unless otherwise stated in the following section.   
We may share your personal data if we have your consent to do so. Some Services may allow you to share your personal data with other users of the Services or with other services and their users. Please consider carefully before disclosing any personal data or other information that might be accessible to other users.  
We may share your personal data with Mavshack AB subsidiaries and affiliates or authorized third parties who process personal data for Mavshack AB for the purposes described in this Policy. These authorized third parties are not permitted to use your personal data for any other purposes. We require them to act consistently with this Policy and to use appropriate security measures to protect your personal data.  
Our Services may be provided using resources and servers located in various countries around the world. Therefore your personal data may be transferred across international borders outside the country where you use our Services, including to the countries outside the European Economic Area (EEA) that do not have laws providing specific protection for personal data or that have different legal rules on data protection, for example, the United States of America. In such cases we take steps to ensure that there is a legal basis for such a transfer and that adequate protection for your personal data is provided as required by applicable law, for example, by using standard agreements approved by relevant authorities (where necessary) and by requiring the use of other appropriate technical and organizational information security measures.   
We may be obligated by mandatory law to disclose your personal data to certain authorities or other third parties, for example, to law enforcement agencies in the countries where we or third parties acting on our behalf operate. We may also disclose and otherwise process your personal data in accordance with applicable law to defend Mavshack AB's legitimate interests, for example, in civil or criminal legal proceedings.   
If we decide to sell, buy, merge or otherwise reorganize our businesses in certain countries, this may involve us disclosing personal data to prospective or actual purchasers and their advisers, or receiving personal data from sellers and their advisers.  
Third party services installed on your mobile device, computer, PC or other device may allow access to information available on your respective device. We may contract with companies or persons to provide certain services including cooperation for technology solutions, data management, promotional and advertising services. We provide our partners with the information needed for them to perform these services. We may make certain automatically-collected, aggregated, or otherwise non-personally-identifiable information available to third parties for various purposes, including compliance with various reporting obligations; for business or marketing purposes; or to assist such parties in understanding our users’ interests, habits, and usage patterns for certain programs, content, services, and/or functionality available through the Services. Our Services may contain links to other companies' websites and services that have privacy policies of their own (like payment service provider [_Braintree_](https://www.braintreepayments.com/), [_Fortumo_](http://fortumo.com/), [ _PayPal_](http://www.paypal.com/), [_Citrus_](http://www.citruspay.com/), [_Amazon_ ](http://www.amazon.com/)Kindle, [_Apple’s_](http://www.apple.com/) in-app purchase via Mavshack iOS app; social media network Facebook, etc). In addition, Mavshack is using the services of its partners for cloud services (like Akamai Technologies AB). All these partners may have the policies regarding the handling of personal information which may differ from ours. We recommend that you read the privacy policies of such third party services before you start using these respective services. Mavshack is not responsible for the privacy practices or contents of any such third party services.

**_YOUR RIGHTS:_**  
We respect your privacy rights. We are not storing your Personal Data longer than needed for fulfilling the agreement provided under [_Terms of Service_](http://mavshack.com/Home.aspx?pg=tou) or any other agreement concluded between you and us.   
* You have a right to know what personal data we hold about you and therefore we provide you with reasonable access to the Personal Data that you may provide through the Services.   
* You have a right to have incomplete, incorrect, unnecessary or outdated personal data deleted or updated.  
* You have a right to request that we stop processing your personal data for direct marketing or market research purposes. In addition, if you opt-out from marketing and other communications from Mavshack AB, we may still send you critical alerts pertaining to our Services or contact you for these purposes.  
* At your request, we will have any reference to you deleted or blocked in our database.  
* At any time, you may legitimately object to the processing of your Personal Data, except if otherwise provided by applicable law. However, withdrawal of your consent to process your personal data has no retroactive effect.   
* If you receive commercial email from us, you may unsubscribe at any time by following the instructions contained within the email. You may also opt-out from receiving commercial email from us, and any other promotional communications that we may send to you from time to time, by sending your request to us by email at [_legal@mavshack.com_](mailto:legal@mavshack.com) or by writing to us at the address given at the end of this Policy. We may allow you to view and modify settings relating to the nature and frequency of promotional communications that you receive from us in account functionality on the Service.   
Please be aware that if you opt-out of receiving commercial email from us or otherwise modify the nature or frequency of promotional communications you receive from us, it may take up to ten business days for us to process your request, and you may receive promotional communications from us that you have opted-out from during that period. Additionally, even after you opt-out from receiving commercial messages from us, you will continue to receive administrative messages from us regarding the Services.  
You may exercise your rights by contacting us through the contact point referred to below or via email contact [_legal@mavshack.com_](mailto:legal@mavshack.com). In some cases, especially if you wish us to delete or stop processing your personal data, this may also mean that we may not be able to continue to provide our Services and access to our Services to you. Please note that Mavshack may need to identify you and to ask for additional information in order to be able to fulfil your request.   
Please note that while any changes you make will be reflected in active user databases instantly or within a reasonable period of time, we may retain all information you submit for backups, archiving, prevention of fraud and abuse, analytics, satisfaction of legal obligations, or where we otherwise reasonably believe that we have a legitimate reason to do so.   
Please also note that applicable law may contain restrictions and other provisions that relate to your rights. We encourage you to use available profile management tools, if applicable, for the above purposes; as such tools often provide you with direct access to your personal data and allow you to effectively manage it.

**_SECURITY OF YOUR PERSONAL DATA_** Privacy and security are key considerations in the creation and delivery of our Services. We have assigned specific responsibilities to address privacy and security related matters. We enforce our internal policies and guidelines through an appropriate selection of activities, including proactive and reactive risk management, security engineering, training and assessments. We take appropriate steps to address online security, physical security, risk of data loss and other such risks taking into consideration the risk represented by the processing and the nature of the data being protected. In addition, we limit access to our databases containing Personal Data to authorized persons having a justified need to access such information. We use cookies to provide benefits to you and Google Analytics as described above. If you disagree with abovementioned activities, please do not use our Services or provide us with your Personal Data.

**_QUALITY OF YOUR PERSONAL DATA AND UPDATING OBLIGATION_**  
We take reasonable steps to keep the Personal Data we possess accurate and to delete incorrect or unnecessary personal data. As certain Mavshack’s Services may allow you to manage your profile, we encourage you to access your Personal Data from time to time to ensure that it is correct and updated. Please remember that in case of any changes, it is your responsibility to update the Personal Data you have provided us with.

**_INFORMATION ABOUT THE CONTROLLER OF YOUR PERSONAL DATA_**  
The controller of your personal data is Mavshack AB (publ.), organization number 556721-5388, located at Karlavägen 58, 5th floor, 114 49 Stockholm, Sweden. In addition, Mavshack AB affiliate providing the Services (e.g. Mavshack Movies AB) may be a controller of your personal data. You may find the identity of the controller and its contact details by reviewing the terms and conditions of such Services or by using contact information provided in the applicable Mavshack websites.  
In matters pertaining to Mavshack AB's privacy practices, you may also contact us at: Mavshack AB, Attn: Privacy, Karlavägen 58, 5th floor, 114 49 Stockholm, Sweden.   
If you believe Mavshack AB has not satisfactorily addressed your data privacy concerns, you may contact the Swedish Data Inspection Board, Box 8114, 104 20 Stockholm.   
You’re always welcome to ask questions of send feedback regarding the [_Terms of Service_](http://mavshack.com/Home.aspx?pg=tou) or this Policy, so please do not hesitate to send us your comments and suggestions at [_legal@mavshack.com_](mailto:legal@mavshack.com).

**_US SAFE HARBOR_**  
We are complying with applicable legal requirements providing adequate protection for the transfer of personal information from Europe to the U.S. and otherwise internationally. Please note that Personal Data collected via our Services may be stored and processed in the United States or any other country in which Mavshack AB or its affiliates, subsidiaries or agents maintain facilities. By using our Services, you consent to any such transfer of information outside of your country. We comply with the EU Safe Harbor framework as set forth by the Department of Commerce regarding the collection, use, and retention of data from the European Union, if applicable. For more information about Safe Harbor, visit the U.S. Department of Commerce's Safe Harbor Web site regarding the collection, use, and retention of data from the European Union.

**_CHANGING THIS PRIVACY POLICY_**  
We may from time to time change this Policy or change, modify or withdraw access to our Services at any time with or without notice. However, if this Policy is changed in a material, adverse way, we will post a notice advising of such change at the beginning of this Policy and on this site's home page for 30 days. We recommend that you re-visit this Policy from time to time to learn of any such changes to this Policy.

PLEASE PRINT OR DOWNLOAD A COPY OF THIS POLICY FOR YOUR RECORDS.

_Effective July 14, 2014_
