> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the ribbun.com privacy policy that was archived on 2011-12-03. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20111203232038id_/http%3A//www.ribbun.com/privacy%2520policy.php) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# About US |RIBBUN | SEO Services Provider| SEO Company |

This privacy statement is subject to change without notice to you, the user. Please read this statement each time you visit the site so that you will be fully informed of the privacy policies and procedures of Ribbun.

The purpose of this privacy statement is to inform you, the User of this Website, of the procedures and practices utilized by Ribbun to keep your personal information private once you access this Site. Ribbun believes that your privacy is very important. By accessing this site, you, the user, are giving your consent and approval to the privacy practices and procedures of Ribbun. This Privacy statement is incorporated into and subject to the terms and conditions of this Site as though set forth in full.

For statistical purposes, Ribbun collects certain quantitative information about each User in order to analyze, improve and customize our Website Content in order to make our Website more responsive to the User's needs and easier to use. Ribbun does not sell, rent, or otherwise provide any personally identifiable information about you to any third party. Ribbun will not knowingly disclose information collected about each User to parties not affiliated with Ribbun unless required to do so by law.

Our privacy statement only addresses the use and disclosure of information that Ribbun may collect from you. However, you should be aware that persons not associated or affiliated with Ribbun might engage in unauthorized practices with the purpose of obtaining your personal information. Although Ribbun discourages this type of activity, we cannot guarantee that it will not occur. The Internet can take on a life of its own and therefore, Ribbun cannot guarantee against inadvertent or unknowing disclosures of information about you, the User, to others. To the extent permitted by law, Ribbun disclaims all liability for any inadvertent disclosures. 

Ribbun prohibits sharing of personal identifying information of the clients. As a matter of critical concern, we would rather intimate our clients about the way we use the information for the realization of the work delegated and in case, where it needs to be shared, it would be purely on the basis of written permission from our clients. Ribbun has its own set of privacy policies, which it strictly adheres to. This Website has link to other sites as well, and Ribbun holds no responsibility for the content of any such site.
