> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the ikeafamilylivemagazine.com privacy policy that was archived on 2012-07-12. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20120712171248id_/http%3A//www.ikeafamilylivemagazine.com/au/privacy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy

This IKEA Privacy Notice applies to this website which is operated by IKEA Pty Ltd ABN 84 006 270 757 on behalf of its related bodies corporate and franchisees in Australia (trading as IKEA) under the domain name [ikea.com.au](http://ikea.com.au/ "ikea.com.au") (“Website”). This privacy notice explains how IKEA Australia handles your personal information (being information about you as an individual) as you access and interact with us and with this Website.

In addition to the provisions of this privacy notice, there may also be specific and additional privacy provisions which apply to certain sections of the Website. Because those specific and additional provisions also relate to your privacy protection, you should review them wherever they are accessible by you on the Website. In the event of any inconsistency between the provisions of this privacy notice and those other specific and additional provisions, the specific and additional provisions will prevail.You acknowledge and accept that your use of this Website indicates acceptance of the terms of this privacy notice. This is the current version of the IKEA Privacy Notice. It replaces any other privacy notice for the Website. IKEA Australia may at any time vary the IKEA Privacy Notice by publishing the varied privacy notice on the Website. You accept that by doing this, IKEA Australia has provided you with sufficient notice of the variation. The practices outlined in this privacy notice are subject to any rights we may have to handle personal information in accordance with law.

 **A partnership in trust.** When IKEA set out to create a high-quality, low-priced line of home furnishings, we knew we couldn’t do it without the help of some very important partners—you, our customers. Whether you’re researching purchases in the IKEA catalogue, picking up your furniture in our self-serve warehouses or assembling your purchases at home—we’re working together to help you create a better everyday life at a price everyone can afford. IKEA is based on a partnership with our customers. Without you, IKEA could not exist. This partnership extends to the way we handle your personal information. Just as shopping at IKEA is a cooperative experience, IKEA makes a point of working with our customers when it comes to their privacy. We only collect the information we may need to create a better shopping experience for you. This Privacy Notice is our way of telling you what information we collect, how we use it and how you can access, change and remove your information.

 **Help us build a better IKEA.** In order to create a better IKEA, we need your help. You can help by providing us with various kinds of information to help IKEA serve you better, and ultimately improve IKEA for everyone. Below you’ll find some of the reasons we request information from you, as well as how we obtain and handle that information to help improve your IKEA shopping experience. Catalogue To mail you an IKEA catalogue, we need your name and address. We also ask for your phone number and email address in case there are any problems with delivery. You also have the option of providing us with additional information about products that interest you and other lifestyle information. Why do we ask for this information? It helps us learn about the people who shop at IKEA so we can better tailor our products and stores for you. Of course, providing this information is purely optional. We do, however, need your name and address to mail you the requested IKEA catalogue. Customer Service In order for a customer service representative to respond to your questions or concerns, we may need personal information like your name, address and telephone number. This information is used to answer your questions as completely and thoroughly as possible and for customer service purposes. Special offers, promotions, coupons and warranties When you register for or redeem IKEA special offers, discount coupons or other promotions, we may ask for personal information in order to note the success of our programs for future offers. You also may provide such information when you fill out a warranty card about a product you purchased from IKEA. Or you may be invited to provide us with information such as product preferences, reasons for purchasing a product, or family and lifestyle information to help us learn more about your shopping preferences.

 **What you share with IKEA is protected by IKEA.** If you cannot trust IKEA, you will not shop with IKEA. For that reason, the security of your personal information is of utmost importance to us. IKEA does not share your personal information with companies outside IKEA for their marketing purposes. The information we collect is used only by or for IKEA. At times, some information may be transferred to IKEA divisions or our service providers in other countries but we always maintain administrative, technical and physical safeguards to protect against unauthorized disclosure, use, alteration and destruction of the personal information in our possession. We are committed to providing appropriate security controls to protect your personal information against foreseeable hazards. On occasion, we do need to hire local and overseas companies to help serve you better. In some of these cases, we may share information with those entities so that they can perform tasks for IKEA. For example, a delivery service will need to know your name and address in order to bring your IKEA products to you. The types of service providers who assist us in providing this Website and our products and services include organizations that provide archival, auditing, professional advisory, mailhouse, delivery, recruitment, call centre, technology, research, utility and security services.

 **There are many kinds of cookies.** We think you’ll like the IKEA recipe. Many web surfers are concerned about their privacy and the use of 'cookies' on the Internet. Cookies are small data files that can be used to store information you have already provided. Cookies cannot be used to "steal" information about you or your computer system. The IKEA web site uses cookies to remember your preferences. For example, the web site may remember which IKEA store page you view, in order to make your next visit more convenient (by displaying information more relevant to that store location). They can be used to track the number of visitors to our sites, the web browser they used, enable e-commerce and store other user preferences. We use this information to optimize our site and create a better online experience for you. Nevertheless, if you don’t like having any cookies at all, generally they can be disabled in your web browser’s preferences. However, some parts of sites may not function fully for users who disallow cookies. Of course, if you choose to give us personal information, for example by email, to request printed material, to register for promotions or when using interactive features of the Website, we use that information for the purpose for which you have provided it.

 **Call us.** We won’t call you. IKEA will only contact you if you provide us with your email address and request we communicate with you in this way. If you are contacted by IKEA and would prefer not to receive information about products and promotions, please get in touch with us using one of the options below or use the unsubscribe facility set out in the email. When you provide us with personal information about other individuals, for example another person’s email address when you are using interactive facilities on the Website, we rely on you to make them aware that their information has been provided to IKEA Australia, of the types of organisations which may have access to their information, of the purposes for which it may be used and how they can request access to it.

 **Out of sight, but never out of reach.** When you share your personal information with IKEA, you will always be able to request access to this information. You can ask us to update, change or remove any personal information at any time by calling, writing or emailing us using one of the options provided below. Your information is only for our own use, and according to applicable privacy laws, we take reasonable steps to only retain accurate, complete and up-to-date data. Additionally, we erase, destroy or permanently de-identify your personal information when we no longer need it for any lawful purpose.

 **Change of address? Change of heart? Let us know.** If you would like us to update your contact information, remove your name from our mailing list, or if you have any questions about IKEA’s privacy policies or your personal information, please click [here ](mailto:mariagrazia.lomax@ikea.com "contact")to contact our Privacy Officer. Or write to: IKEA Service Office Att. IKEA Privacy Officer 1 Oulton Ave Rhodes NSW 2138
