> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the opb.org privacy policy that was archived on 2014-06-29. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20140629130246id_/http%3A//www.opb.org/about/privacypolicy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy Policy » OPB

## Gathering and Use of Information

OPB collects personal information through OPB.org, but only when voluntarily provided by visitors to the Site. You may voluntarily supply certain personally identifiable information in connection with (i) registration for contests, sweepstakes and ticket giveaways, (ii) registration for sites or services which require registration (such as subscribing to email newsletters or commenting on stories or social media networks), (iii) responding to requests for membership information, (iv) making a donation, (v) sending an email to OPB, (vi) submitting a photo or other user-generated content, and (vii) e-commerce transactions. OPB also may ask visitors to provide personal information for other limited uses specified at the time the information is gathered. Any information that you submit on or through social networking features, as part of story or blog comments, or in response to OPB’s request for user-generated content may become public, including the full name and nickname you provide when registering.

Except for information you provide when participating in online discussions or sending user-generated content to OPB (which may become public as discussed above), personally-identifying information collected by OPB is not provided to outside parties except (i) OPB affiliates (such as NPR, PBS, our program co-producers, and other public broadcasting stations), (ii) certain OPB service providers, and (iii) other third parties when the user specifically consents to such distribution (such as the disclosure of your name to a friend when you email, or otherwise share a story to that friend). In these circumstances, the information is provided for the sole purpose of -- and only to the extent necessary for -- delivering the requested goods or services to the user, delivering communications from OPB to users who have 'opted in' to the receipt of these communications, providing services for and on behalf of OPB, or serving other internal OPB purposes.

In certain cases, we contract with other companies to provide services on our behalf. Some service providers maintain customer databases with e-mail addresses of Web site visitors who have provided them to us by registering at our site, signing up for a newsletter or email, e-mailing us questions about OPB’s services, donors who submit online contributions, or online buyers who make a purchase. Other service providers maintain personally identifiable information provided in connection with a donation in order to perform services to process the donation, or information provided in connection with your request for gift planning services in order to perform those services. Our service providers have access to your personally identifiable information only as necessary to provide certain services on OPB’s behalf. They are required to maintain the privacy of all such information in their possession or control and can only use the information on our or your behalf for the purpose that we have contracted them, for example sending you a newsletter or supplying you with gift planning information. They are not authorized to use your information for any other purpose.

OPB also may disclose personal information if required to do so by law or if it believes that such action is necessary to (a) comply with the law or with legal process, (b) protect against misuse or unauthorized use of OPB’s services, or (c) protect the personal safety or property of users of OPB’s Web sites, the public, or OPB and its employees.

If you do not want this information collected and used by us for the disclosed internal purposes, you should contact webmaster@opb.org. Please recognize, however, that under certain circumstances, if you select to "opt-out," you may not be eligible for certain activities for which the personally identifiable information is needed.

We reserve the right to send you e-mail relating to your account status. This includes order confirmations, renewal/expiration notices, notices of credit card problems, other transactional e-mails and notifications about major changes to our Web site. If you have registered for online discussions or other services, you may receive e-mail specific to your participation in those activities.

We offer several e-mail newsletters. If you no longer wish to receive a specific newsletter, you may opt out by following the "unsubscribe" instructions located near the bottom of each newsletter.

OPB, with the assistance from time to time of its third party service vendors, uses non-identifying aggregate information to analyze use of and better design OPB’s Web site and services and to share with third parties in aggregate form only as appropriate. For example, we may tell a third party that a certain number of users accessed a particular audio stream on our Web site. However, we will not disclose any information that could be used to identify those users.

In addition to information that you provide to us, we may also collect and store certain non-personally identifiable information automatically when using the Web site. OPB's server tracks how you and other visitors use the site, identifying the source of visitors to OPB.org and what pages they use on the site. By looking at this "traffic," OPB can better understand our community, which allows us to improve our Web site and to provide you with an optimal experience and better service. In order to provide this optimal service and convenience OPB uses "cookies." A cookie is a temporary code placed in your computer by our server that facilitates communication and saves you time when you browse our Web site. Cookies are completely anonymous and help us serve you. At no time does the cookie reveal your name, address or telephone number (even if you have entered these in other areas of OPB.org). You always have the ability to configure your Web browser to refuse cookies (please consult your browser's user's guide for instructions).

## Security

OPB makes every effort to ensure that all of the transactions that occur on its Web site are secure. All credit card numbers submitted to the site are encrypted, which is the industry standard for information security and is used by more than 100,000 Web sites in more than 50 countries. Any personal information you submit with your pledge is encrypted with 128-bit Secure Socket Layer (SSL) technology. In the unlikely event that the information you send is intercepted, it is nearly impossible to decrypt the information. Your peace of mind and security is very important to us. If you do not feel comfortable submitting your personal information online, you can make your pledge by calling OPB at 1-800-241-8123.

## Kids

OPB's Web site is a general audience web site and does not knowingly market to or collect personally identifiable information from children under the age of 18 years old. However, OPB believes that it is important to assist parents in supervising their children's on-line activities and, therefore, recommends that parents consider using parental control tools available from online services and software manufacturers that help provide a child-friendly environment. These tools can also prevent children from disclosing their name, address and other personally identifiable information online without parental permission. Please contact webmaster@opb.org if you have further questions.

## Links to Other Websites

OPB's Web site may contain links to other Internet Web sites. OPB encourages its partners, contributors and other third parties to implement policies and practices that respect your privacy. OPB is not, however, responsible for other Web site's privacy practices or Web site content. Occasionally, you may receive cookies from third party advertisers, partners and vendors. OPB does not control these cookies.

## Acceptance of OPB Website Privacy Policy Terms and Conditions

By using this site, you signify your agreement to the terms and conditions of this OPB Web Site Privacy Policy. If you do not agree to these terms and conditions, please do not use the site. OPB reserves the right, at its sole discretion, to change, modify, add or remove portions of this policy at any time. Please check this page periodically for any changes. Your continued use of the OPB Web site following the posting of any changes to these terms shall mean that you have accepted those changes. If you have any questions or concerns, please email us at webmaster@opb.org.

**Oregon Public Broadcasting**

Revised March 4, 2013
