> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the opencompute.org privacy policy that was archived on 2019-06-16. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20190616101153id_/https%3A//www.opencompute.org/privacy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# OCP Privacy Policy » Open Compute Project

Effective: May 25, 2018

This Privacy Policy describes how Open Compute Project Foundation (referred to in this Privacy Policy as "OCP," "we," "us," or "our") collects information when you visit our website [www.opencompute.org](https://www.opencompute.org/) (the "Site") or provide information to use in connection with our services, including our summits and events ("Services"). It also explains how we use and disclose the information we collect from you, and your rights in relation to that information. Our contact information is provided at the end of this Privacy Policy.

Per this Privacy Policy, YOU EXPRESSLY CONSENT TO OUR COLLECTION, STORAGE, USE AND DISCLOSURE OF YOUR INFORMATION AS DESCRIBED IN THIS PRIVACY POLICY. This Privacy Policy is part of, and is governed by, our Terms of Service located at [http://opencompute.org/terms-of-service/](https://www.opencompute.org/terms-of-service).

## 1\. Information Collected by OCP

### 1.1 Information You Directly and Voluntarily Provide to Us.

If you are a visitor to the Site, we may collect information that you provide to us when you communicate with any of our departments such as customer service or technical services. If you sign up to become a registered user of the Site, you will be asked to provide certain information as part of the registration process. This information may include your full name, email, password, photograph, company affiliation, participation and role in any of the OCP projects, short bio, statement of interest, and full address including city and state.  You may choose not to provide us with this information but doing so will limit the functionality and features of our Sites and Services you have access to. For example, you will not be able to create a Member Profile, sign up for OCP newsletter or make online payments unless you register through the Site. You may also not be able to register and attend OCP events without providing your information.

### 1.2 Information That We Automatically Collect Through the Site

**Cookies.** We may automatically collect information from you when you use the Site. For example, if you are a registered user we may use session cookies to help us recognize you when you log into the Site. A cookie is a small text file that our web server places on your computer hard drive that includes a unique identifier. You can set your web browser to reject cookies or to notify you when you are sent a cookie. You can also learn more about cookies by visiting www.allaboutcookies.org, which includes additional useful information on cookies and how to block cookies using different browsers. If you set your browser to limit or remove cookies, some features of Site may be unavailable or unable to function properly.

### 1.3 Third-Parties’ Use of Cookies and Web Beacons

OCP uses third-party analytics such as Google Analytics to gather and analyze anonymous user information. Google Analytics is a web analytics service provided by Google, Inc. ("Google"), to collect information about your use of the Site. Google may use cookies to collect information about the content you view, what websites you visit immediately prior to and after visiting the Site, and your system information and geographic information. The information generated by the Google cookies about your use of the Site will be transmitted to and stored by Google. The information collected by Google allows us to analyze your use of the Site. You can opt-out of having your information used by Google Analytics by following the instructions located at <https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout/>.

OCP does not have access to or control over web beacons or cookies that third-party websites may use. We are not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of these third-party websites. You are encouraged to review the privacy policies of the different websites you visit. In addition, some third-party advertising companies may provide a mechanism to opt-out of their technology. For more information about the opt-out process, you may visit the Network Advertising Initiative website, available at: <http://www.networkadvertising.org/managing/opt_out.asp>.

In addition, your browser may allow you to adjust your browser settings so that "do not track" requests are sent to the websites that you visit. However, OCP will not disable tracking technology that may be active on the Site in response to any "do not track" requests that we receive from your browser.

### 1.4 Social Media Services

We may provide social media features through the Site that enable you to share information with your social networks and to interact with OCP on social media sites that we do not control. If you post any comments, reviews, photos or other information on any OCP social media pages, we may display those comments, reviews, photos or information on the Site. In addition, your use of these features may result in the collection or sharing of information about you by these social media sites, depending on the feature. We encourage you to review the privacy policies and settings on the social media sites with which you interact to make sure you understand the information that may be collected, used, and shared by those sites.

## 2\. Our Basis for Processing Your Information

**Performance of a contract.** The use of your information may be necessary to perform a contract that you have with us. For example, if you use our Sites to create a profile, post and comment through our Sites, or request information or products through our Sites, we will use your information to carry out our obligation to complete and administer that contract or request. If you register for one of our events or contract with us for Services, we will use your information to complete the registration in order for you to attend.

**Legitimate interests.** We use your information for our legitimate interests, such as to provide you with the best content through our Sites, to improve and promote our products and Services, and for administrative, security, fraud prevention and legal purposes.

**Consent.** We may rely on your consent to use your information for certain direct marketing purposes, such as sending you the OCP newsletter or information about upcoming OCP Summits if you’ve attended our events in the past. You may withdraw your consent to these communications at any time through the unsubscribe feature provided with each marketing email or by contacting us at the addresses given at the end of this Privacy Policy.

## 3\. How We Use the Information We Collect

**Communications.** We use the information we gather through the Site to help us better understand how the Site is being used and to improve your experience with the Site, both in terms of content and ease of use. We may also use this information to contact and communicate with you and to respond to your communications and requests. If you provide your email address to us, we may email you about products, services, news or events that we believe may be of interest to you. If you wish to opt-out of receiving communications from us, please follow the instructions contained in each email you receive from us, which will allow you to opt-out of receiving further communications from us, or you can send a request to not receive such communications at [Admin@opencompute.org](mailto:Admin@opencompute.org).

## 4\. How We Share Your Information with Third-Parties

We will not rent, sell, share or otherwise disclose your information to third-parties unless we obtain your permission to do so at the time we collect it, except as set forth below: 

### 4.1 Volunteer Leaders, Member and Solution Provider Listings

We do publish your photo image, your name and your corporate affiliation on the OCP website when you volunteer for OCP. We also publicly share in our Member and Solution Provider member company names in their respective listings available at [http://www.opencompute.org](https://www.opencompute.org/). If you become an OCP Solution Provider, you will also provide us information about your company and departments or individuals to contact for this program. Based on your requirements and upon approval, we may publish this information on the OCP website. All information shared with OCP is subject to publication on our website and its affiliates, including primary contact name, email, phone and address. For information about your data, please see "Data Retention and Deletion Practices" below.

### 4.2 Employees

Third-Party Processors and Third-Party Service Providers. We will disclose your information to our employees, contractors, affiliates, distributors, dealers, vendors and suppliers ("Service Providers") who need access to your information in order to provide certain services to us or on our behalf, such as operating and supporting the Site, processing payments made through the Site or in connection with our Services, analyzing data, or performing marketing or consulting services. These Service Providers will only have access to the information needed to perform these limited functions on our behalf.

### 4.3 Response to Subpoenas or Court Orders or to Protect Rights and to Comply with Our Policies

To the extent permitted by applicable law, we will disclose your information to government authorities or third parties if: (a) required to do so by law, or in response to a subpoena or court order; (b) we believe in our sole discretion that disclosure is reasonably necessary to protect against fraud, to protect the property or other rights of us or other users, third parties or the public at large; or (c) we believe that you have abused the Site by using it to attack other systems or to gain unauthorized access to any other system, to engage in spamming or otherwise to violate applicable laws.

### 4.4 Business Transfers; Bankruptcy

In the event of a merger, acquisition, bankruptcy or other sale of all or a portion of our assets, any user information owned or controlled by us may be one of the assets transferred to third parties. We reserve the right, as part of this type of transaction, to transfer or assign your information and other information we have collected from users of the Site to third parties without prior notice to you. Other than to the extent ordered by a bankruptcy or other court, the use and disclosure of all transferred user information will be subject to this Privacy Policy. Any information you submit or that is collected after a transfer, however, may be subject to a new privacy policy adopted by the successor entity.

### 4.5 Aggregate Information

We may share information relating to users of the Site with affiliated or unaffiliated third parties on an anonymous, aggregate basis for various business purposes, such as for research purposes and to analyze and improve the performance of our Site and our Services. While this information will not identify you personally, in some instances these third parties may be able to combine this aggregate information with other data they have about you, or that they receive from third parties, in a manner that allows them to identify you personally.

### 4.6 Our Affiliates

We may share some or all of your information with our parent company, subsidiaries and corporate affiliates, joint ventures, or other companies under common control with us if such disclosure is necessary for the purposes for which we collected your information. We will require these entities to comply with the terms of this Privacy Policy with regard to their use of your information.

## 5\. Children

The Site and our Services are not intended for children under age 13, or for anyone under age 18 or the applicable age of majority in your country or jurisdiction without involvement and consent of a parent or guardian. We do not knowingly collect or distribute personal information from or about children under the age of 13.

## 6\. Privacy Policy Changes

Because of changes in technology and the growth and development of our business, or for other business reasons, we may need to modify this Privacy Policy from time to time. We will notify Site users of material changes to this Privacy Policy by posting the amended terms on the Site at least thirty (30) days before the effective date of the changes. If you do not agree to the practices described in the updated Privacy Policy, you should discontinue your use of the Site. If you continue using the Site after the updated Privacy Policy takes effect, you will be bound by the updated Privacy Policy.

## 7\. Special Notice to California Residents

Under California Civil Code sections 1798.83-1798.84, also known as the "Shine the Light Law," any users of the Site who are California residents are entitled to request and receive once a year, free of charge, a notice from us describing what categories of personal customer information (if any) we shared with third-parties, including our corporate affiliates, for their direct marketing purposes during the preceding calendar year. If applicable, the notice will identify the categories of information that we shared, and the names and addresses of the third-parties and affiliates with which we shared your information. If you are a California resident and would like to request a copy of this notice, please submit a written request to the following address: PO Box 82287, Austin, TX 78708 or by email at [Admin@opencompute.org](mailto:Admin@opencompute.org). In your request, please specify that you want a "California Privacy Rights Notice." Please allow at least thirty (30) days for a response.

## 8\. Security

Please be aware that no data transmission over the Internet can be guaranteed to be 100% secure. As a result, OCP cannot guarantee or warrant the security of any information you transmit on or through the Site and you do so at your own risk. However, we take all measures reasonably necessary to protect your information that we collect and process against any unauthorized access, use, alteration, or destruction.

## 9\. Transfer and Use of Information Outside Your Country of Residence

The Site is directed to users located in the United States. If you are located outside of the United States and you choose to use the Site or provide your information to us in connection with our Services or otherwise, your information may be transferred to, processed and maintained on servers or databases located in the United States. Our Service Providers and affiliated organizations that process information for us as described above may be located in the United States or in other countries outside of your home country. Your agreement to this Privacy Policy followed by your submission of information through the Site represents your consent and agreement to these practices. If you do not want your information transferred to or processed or maintained in the United States, you should not use the Site or our Services.

If you are located in the European Union, you are entitled to the following rights with regard to your information:

  * Right of access to your information, to know what information about you we hold
  * Right to correct any incorrect or incomplete information about yourself that we hold
  * Right to restrict/suspend our processing of your information
  * Right to complain to a supervisory authority if you believe your privacy rights are being violated



Additional rights that may apply to you in certain instances:

  * Right of data portability (if our processing is based on consent and automated means)
  * Right to withdraw consent at any time (if processing is based on consent)
  * Right to object to processing (if processing is based on legitimate interests)
  * Right to object to processing of information for direct marketing purposes
  * Right of erasure of your information from our system ("right to be forgotten") if certain grounds are met



## 10\. Data Retention and Deletion Practices

We may retain or archive copies of your information indefinitely unless you contact us to request such removal. We retain the information in case you request reactivation, to preserve the integrity of our documents and to preserve our legal rights.

## 11\. Contact Information

If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy or want to contact us to exercise your privacy rights, you may write to us

  * by email at: [Admin@opencompute.org](mailto:Admin@opencompute.org). or
  * by postal mail at: Open Compute Project Foundation, PO Box 82287, Austin, TX 78708


