> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the opensourcevarsity.com privacy policy that was archived on 2011-06-01. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20110601214150id_/http%3A//www.opensourcevarsity.com/privacypolicy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy Policy - OpenSourceVarsity

This is the website of OpenSourceVarsity.

We view protection of users' privacy as a very important community principle and take your privacy seriously. We understand clearly that You and Your Information is one of our most important assets.

We can be reached via e-mail at [ ](mailto:%20%3Cscript%20language='JavaScript'%20type='text/javascript'%3E%20%3C!--%20var%20prefix%20=%20'mailto:';%20var%20suffix%20=%20'';%20var%20attribs%20=%20'';%20var%20path%20=%20'hr'%20+%20'ef'%20+%20'=';%20var%20addy36229%20=%20'admin'%20+%20'@';%20addy36229%20=%20addy36229%20+%20'opensourcevarsity'%20+%20'.'%20+%20'com';%20document.write\(%20'%3Ca%20'%20+%20path%20+%20'\\''%20+%20prefix%20+%20addy36229%20+%20suffix%20+%20'\\''%20+%20attribs%20+%20'%3E'%20\);%20document.write\(%20addy36229%20\);%20document.write\(%20'%3C\\/a%3E'%20\);%20//--%3E%20%3C/script%3E%3Cscript%20language='JavaScript'%20type='text/javascript'%3E%20%3C!--%20document.write\(%20'%3Cspan%20style=\\'display:%20none;\\'%3E'%20\);%20//--%3E%20%3C/script%3EThis%20e-mail%20address%20is%20being%20protected%20from%20spambots.%20You%20need%20JavaScript%20enabled%20to%20view%20it%20%3Cscript%20language='JavaScript'%20type='text/javascript'%3E%20%3C!--%20document.write\(%20'%3C/'%20\);%20document.write\(%20'span%3E'%20\);%20//--%3E%20%3C/script%3E)[admin@opensourcevarsity.com](mailto:admin@opensourcevarsity.com). We do not sell or rent your personal information to third parties for their marketing purposes without your explicit consent and We only use your information as described in the Privacy Policy.

We store and process Your Information on computers located in the US that are protected by physical as well as technological security devices.

We collect the e-mail addresses of those who communicate with us via e-mail, aggregate information on what pages consumers access or visit, as well as information volunteered by the consumer, such as online orders, survey information and/or site registrations. The information we collect is used for internal review, improve the content of our web page and product lines, and is used to notify consumers about updates to our web site.

If you do not want to receive e-mail from us in the future, please let us know by sending me an e-mail at [ ](mailto:%20%3Cscript%20language='JavaScript'%20type='text/javascript'%3E%20%3C!--%20var%20prefix%20=%20'mailto:';%20var%20suffix%20=%20'';%20var%20attribs%20=%20'';%20var%20path%20=%20'hr'%20+%20'ef'%20+%20'=';%20var%20addy42899%20=%20'admin'%20+%20'@';%20addy42899%20=%20addy42899%20+%20'opensourcevarsity'%20+%20'.'%20+%20'com';%20document.write\(%20'%3Ca%20'%20+%20path%20+%20'\\''%20+%20prefix%20+%20addy42899%20+%20suffix%20+%20'\\''%20+%20attribs%20+%20'%3E'%20\);%20document.write\(%20addy42899%20\);%20document.write\(%20'%3C\\/a%3E'%20\);%20//--%3E%20%3C/script%3E%3Cscript%20language='JavaScript'%20type='text/javascript'%3E%20%3C!--%20document.write\(%20'%3Cspan%20style=\\'display:%20none;\\'%3E'%20\);%20//--%3E%20%3C/script%3EThis%20e-mail%20address%20is%20being%20protected%20from%20spambots.%20You%20need%20JavaScript%20enabled%20to%20view%20it%20%3Cscript%20language='JavaScript'%20type='text/javascript'%3E%20%3C!--%20document.write\(%20'%3C/'%20\);%20document.write\(%20'span%3E'%20\);%20//--%3E%20%3C/script%3E)[admin@opensourcevarsity.com](mailto:admin@opensourcevarsity.com). 

We do not partner with or have special relationships with any ad server companies. 

From time to time, we may use customer information for new, unanticipated uses not previously disclosed in our privacy notice. If our information practices change at some time in the future, we will post the policy changes to our web site to notify you of these changes and provide you with the ability to opt out of these new uses.

If you are concerned about how your information is used, you should check back at our web site periodically. Customers may prevent their information from being used for purposes other than those for which it was originally collected by sending us an e-mail at [admin@opensourcevarsity.com](mailto:admin@opensourcevarsity.com).
