> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the nameyourdreamassignment.com privacy policy that was archived on 2011-08-06. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20110806172932id_/http%3A//www.nameyourdreamassignment.com/privacy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Name Your Dream Assignment

Lenovo (“Sponsor”) and its promotions agency (collectively, the “Companies”) have created this privacy policy statement in order to demonstrate their firm commitment to your privacy. The following discloses our information gathering, use and dissemination practices solely for the Web site located at www.nameyourdreamassignment.com (the "Site") and Sponsor’s Name Your Dream Assignment Contest (the “Promotion”). By using or accessing the Site, you signify your assent to our Privacy Policy. **IF YOU DO NOT AGREE TO THIS PRIVACY POLICY YOU MAY NOT ACCESS OR OTHERWISE USE THE SITE AND/OR ENTER THE CONTEST.**

 **Personal and Non-Personal Information** : When using the Site and/or entering the Promotion, in order to utilize some of the services you may be asked to provide, or you may choose to upload, certain personally identifiable information about yourself ("Personal Information"). Personal Information can include, without limitation, your name, e-mail address, physical address and telephone number. We do not collect Personal Information unless you voluntarily provide such information to us. 

In addition, we may also collect non-personally identifiable information, such as IP host address, pages viewed, browser type and other data, and may aggregate any information collected in a manner which does not identify any individual ("Aggregate Information"). Aggregate Information may include information such as IP host address, pages viewed, browser type, clickstream data, Internet Service Provider, system information (such as your operating system, hardware, settings or configuration of your computer) and other non-personally identifiable information data. 

**Information Usage** : We may use the Personal Information we collect to contact you about our products and services or those of our partners or other third parties from time to time. In general, we do not sell your Personal Information to third parties or mass marketers. For example, we will not sell another company your name or e-mail address. Unless you consent to the disclosure of your Personal Information, only we and our affiliates, our technical consultants, third party auditors and other third parties who make our Site available, enhance its functionality, or provide associated services and/or who deal with you in delivering content, samples, products, and gifts and prizes, have access to this information, and we require them to agree that they are covered by this policy. 

Please note that we reserve the right to access and/or disclose Personal Information and non-personal information we gather as required by courts or administrative agencies and to the extent required to permit us to investigate suspected fraud, harassment or other violations of any law, rule or regulation, the Site rules or policies, or the rights of third parties or to investigate any suspected conduct which we deem improper. 

**Cookies and Web Beacons** : "Cookies" are pieces of information that may be placed on your computer by a Web site for the purpose of facilitating and enhancing your communication and interaction with that Web site. Many Web sites use cookies for these purposes. We may use cookies to customize your visit to the Site and for other purposes to make your visit more convenient or enhance our service. You may stop or restrict the placement of cookies on your computer or flush them from your browser by adjusting your web browser preferences, in which case you may still use our Site, but it may interfere with some of its functionality. We do not use cookies to retrieve information from your computer for purposes that are unrelated to the Site or the Contest. 

**Security** : The security of your Personal Information is very important to us. We attempt to provide for the secure transmission of your information from your computer to our servers. However, due to the inherent open nature of the Internet, we cannot guarantee that communications between you and Companies, or information stored on our servers, will be free from unauthorized access by third parties such as hackers and your use of the Site demonstrates your assumption of this risk. We have put in place reasonable physical, electronic, and managerial procedures to safeguard the information we collect. Only those employees and contractors who need access to your information in order to perform their duties are authorized to have access to your Personal Information. 

You should be aware that Personal Information which you voluntarily include and transmit online may be viewed and used by others. In addition, Personal Information you post as comments to the Promotion’s submissions may be viewed and used by anyone with access to such forums. The Companies are unable to control such uses of your Personal Information, and by using such services you assume the risk that the Personal Information provided by you may be viewed and used by third parties.

 **Protection for Children** : We have no intention of collecting Personal Information from children under the age of 13. When we become aware that Personal Information from a child under 13 has been collected without such child’s parent or guardian’s consent, we will use all reasonable efforts to delete such information from our database.

 **Other Web sites** : Our Site may contain links to other Web sites not maintained by Companies, or any of a Sponsor’s subsidiaries. Other Web sites may also reference or link to our Site. We encourage you to be aware when you leave our Site, or surf the Internet, and to read the privacy statements of each and every Web site that you visit. We are not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of such other Web sites.

 **Communications with Companies** : By providing your e-mail address to Companies in a communication initiated by you, you expressly consent to receive e-mails from us, or any applicable subsidiaries. We may use the e-mail address you provide to communicate with you, to send information that you have requested or to send information about other products or service developed or provided by us, provided that we will not give your e-mail address to an unaffiliated third party to promote their products or services directly to you without your consent.

Any communication or material you transmit to us by e-mail or otherwise, including any data, questions, comments, suggestions, or the like is, and will be treated as, nonconfidential and nonproprietary. Except to the extent expressly covered by this policy, anything you transmit or post may be used by us for any purpose, including but not limited to, reproduction, disclosure, transmission, publication, broadcast and posting. Furthermore, you expressly agree that we are free to use any ideas, concepts, know-how, or techniques contained in any communication you send to us without compensation and for any purpose whatsoever, including but not limited to, developing, manufacturing and marketing products and services using such information.

 **Changes to policy; Opt-Out Process** : We reserve the right, at our discretion, to change, modify, add, or remove portions from this policy at any time. However, if at any time in the future we plan to use Personal Information in a way that differs from this policy, we will post such changes here and provide you the opportunity to opt-out of such differing uses. Your continued use of the Site following the posting of any changes to this policy means you accept such changes.

If you do not want your Personal Information shared with any third party who may use such information for direct marketing purposes, then you may opt-out of such disclosures by sending an e-mail to us at admin@nameyourdreamassignment.com.

If you receive an unwanted e-mail from us, you can simply reply and ask not to receive future e-mails. We also give you the option to remove your Personal Information from our list of active users completely. All unsubscribe or opt-out requests should be sent to us at admin@nameyourdreamassignment.com and we will process your request within a reasonable time after receipt. We are not responsible for removing your Personal Information from the lists of any third party who has previously been provided your information in accordance with this policy, such as a business partner.

 **Site Terms and Conditions** : Use of this Site is governed by, and subject to, the legal notices contained at http://www.nameyourdreamassignment.com/terms. Your use, or access, of the Site constitutes your agreement to be bound by these provisions. IF YOU DO NOT AGREE TO THESE TERMS AND CONDITIONS YOU MAY NOT ACCESS OR OTHERWISE USE THE SITE.

 **Contact** : For questions or concerns relating to privacy, we can be contacted at: admin@nameyourdreamassignment.com.

 **United States of America** : Our Site is maintained in the United States of America. By using the Site, you authorize the export of Personal Information to the USA and its storage and use as specified in this policy.

 **Effective Date** : This privacy policy is effective and was last updated on February 26, 2009.
