> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the utilityboardsupply.com privacy policy that was archived on 2009-06-16. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20090616174414id_/http%3A//www.utilityboardsupply.com/page_221.htm) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy Policy : Largest skateboard mailorder Shop online. Utility Board Supply carries a huge selection from top brand such as: DVS Shoes, Adio Shoes, Es Shoes, Emerica and more. at Utility Board Supply

Privacy Policy |   | Send an [Email](https://www.utilityboardsupply.com/contact.asp?clid=0) or Call (888) 566-6596  
---|---|---  
  
Privacy Policy  
Utility Board Supply is committed to respecting the privacy rights of online visitors to our site and recognizes the importance of protecting information collected about you. While visiting the Utility Board Supply site, we may ask you to register and/or provide information that personally identifies you, including but not limited to any name, address, telephone number, email address, credit card or payment information, or other information that could be used to contact you or any other identifying information that you may disclose to Utility Board Supply for purposes of interacting with our site, including, for example, when you ask for information, enter a contest, order our products, or sign up for our mailing list. For security reasons, we do not store customersÆ credit card numbers on our website. If you choose to provide Utility Board Supply with your Personal Information, it will permit us to make your use of our site and services more enjoyable. Utility Board Supply uses your Personal Information to help you quickly find goods, services, or information on the site. There is a technology called "cookies" which can be used to provide you with tailored information from a web site. A cookie is an element of data that a web site can send to your browser, which may then store it on your system. Some Utility Board Supply pages may use cookies so that we may better serve you when you return to our site. You can set your browser to notify you when you receive a cookie, giving you the chance to decide whether to accept it. Utility Board Supply may also track the domains from which this site is visited and use that data to analyze for trends and statistics for our own internal business purposes. Unless otherwise required by law, Utility Board Supply does not disclose any Personal Information including email addresses to third parties. However, Utility Board Supply reserves the right to make exceptions, such as when we believe that an emergency, illegal activity or some other reasonable basis exists for notifying or providing such information to the appropriate authorities.

Security Policy  
Utility Board Supply.com is a completely secure web site featuring highly advanced technology to ensure that your information remains secure. We protect your online order and personal information by using high 128 bit Secure Sockets Layer (SSL) technology provided by the top name in Internet security: Thawte. All the data that travels between your computer and our servers is SSL encrypted. To make sure you are accessing a secure server, look at the lower left or right hand corner of your browser window after accessing the server. If you see an unbroken key or closed lock (depending on your browser), then SSL is active. Some versions of browsers and firewalls do not permit communication through secure servers. In that case, you will be unable to connect to the server so you won't have to worry about mistakenly placing an order through an unsecured connection.

  | Send an [Email](https://www.utilityboardsupply.com/contact.asp?clid=0) or Call (888) 566-6596  
---|---
