> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the aweber.com privacy policy that was archived on 2005-06-30. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20050630025310id_/http%3A//www.aweber.com/privacy.htm) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy Policy for AWeber Systems, Inc.

|  |   
---|---  
|  |   
**\- Live Support -**

Text chat available from 9AM - 5PM EST Monday - Friday.

|   
|   
|  |  |  |   
---|---|---|---  
| **This statement discloses the privacy practices of AWeber Systems, Inc.**

  Please direct questions regarding this statement to AWeber's excellent Customer Support staff - [help@aweber.com](mailto:help@aweber.com).

**Customer Information:**  
All AWeber Systems, Inc. customer account information is held in strict confidence. We do not sell or share our customer list with any other entities. Customer information such as name, e-mail address, mailing address, phone number, and billing information is collected for the sole purpose of providing services described on this web site.  **Customer Lead Information:**  
All leads (e-mail addresses and other associated information) generated by the subscriber are held in strict confidence. Each lead's information is kept only that the subscriber's follow up messages may be sent to that lead. AWeber Systems, Inc. does not contact subscriber leads, nor does it sell or share your lead information with any other party.  **Affiliate Information:**  
All AWeber Affiliate information, including address, phone number, e-mail address, and tax id number is held in strict confidence. This information is collected for the sole purpose of generating commission checks and meeting United States federal tax requirements.  |   
|  |   
---|---  
|   
**\- Testimonials -**

I just wanted to take a moment to tell you how pleased I am with the Aweber Autoresponder system. I just checked my statistics (online!) after a 7 day vacation, and was blown away when I saw that I was prospecting 150 new leads! I then checked my email and found almost a dozen requests for personal follow-up. This certainly beats the old cut and paste manual follow-ups, and the ability to download the database means a near-perfect integration into my downline management software. Tom, you did a super job - and I expect to take a longer vacation next time! Thanks again.

  * \- Stephan Iscoe
  * \- LinktoSuccess.com



[Click here](https://web.archive.org/web/20050630025310id_/http%3A//www.aweber.com/testimonials.htm) to read more testimonials for AWeber Systems!  
  


|  |   
| 
