> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the sswitt.com privacy policy that was archived on 2012-10-03. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20121003091840id_/http%3A//www.sswitt.com/privacy.html) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Super Switt Links Directory - Privacy Policy

Privacy This business collects and maintains certain information (including business names,e-mail addresses, IP addresses, contact's names, phone numbers, geographic location information, etc.) on its Web site and its directory database for the purpose of publishing this suppliers news and directory resource. This is done to help us provide our users with the best resource and with valuable information regarding relevant products and services from appropriate third parties. Our customer's listing details are not deliberately disclosed to third parties, other than contractors for the purpose of publishing this resource, except as purposely published on this site. This business is not specifically dedicated to protecting personal information and will make only reasonable efforts to handle collected information appropriately as per any third party sofware designer's guidelines for the use of the software that runs this site. All information collected, as well as related requests, will be handled as carefully and efficiently as practical in accordance with the sofware designer's guidelines. However because of the incidence of hackers and the involvement of unknown third parties on most internet servers, we deem any information gathered by this service to be unsafe from privacy intruders. If your worried about privacy please dont use our service. Email newsletters originating at this site always contains clear and efficient instructions for opting out of future emails of its kind on a properly managed system. We use third-party advertising companies to serve ads when you visit our Web site. These companies may use information (not including our published data) about your visits to this and other Web sites in order to provide advertisements about goods and services of interest to visitors. If you would like more information about this practice and to know your choices about not having this information used by these companies, please contact the manufacturer of your browser software. Google, as a third-party vendor, uses cookies to serve ads on this site. Google's use of the DART cookie enables it to serve ads to our users based on a visit to this site and other sites on the Internet. Users may opt out of the use of the DART cookie by visiting the Google ad and content network privacy policy. 
