> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the yavli.com privacy policy that was archived on 2013-07-15. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20130715213228id_/http%3A//yavli.com/privacy-policy.html) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Yavli | Privacy Policy

Yavli is a sponsored content discovery platform with a wide reach across the Internet via a large group of websites, applications and properties. We consider your personal privacy to be very important and have therefore provided this Privacy Policy so you have a clear understanding of what information we collect and how such information is used and stored. By using Yavli and its services you consent to the terms and conditions set forth in this Privacy Policy. Please note this policy is updated from time to time so please review this document regularly to keep sufficiently updated.

### Information Collection & Usage

Similar to the majority of other website operators, we collect a variety of non-personally identifiable information such as browser type, device type, geographic region, language preference, referring site, and time and date of each visitor request. We also collect information such as Internet Protocol (IP) addresses that have the potential to be used in combination with other pieces of data to allow users to be personally identifiable. We may gather information about your general Internet use by using a cookie file, log data or recording other metrics such as browsing behaviour and the content you interact with. Cookies are text files placed by Yavli in your computer's browser to store your preferences. Cookies, by themselves, do not tell us your e-mail address or other personal information. However, once you choose to furnish Yavli with personal information, this information may be linked to the data stored in the cookie. We use cookies to understand Internet usage, enhance the performance of Yavli’s services, and activate special web features and security mechanisms. You always have the option of setting your browser to warn you when a cookie is being accessed on your computer, to delete cookies that are currently on your computer or to decline cookies altogether. However, to take full advantage of Yavli and its features, your browser will need to accept cookies. In order to access some of the services Yavli provides you will have to create an account and voluntarily provide personal information in the forms provided.

If you click on a Yavli sponsored recommendation you may be taken to a third party website, which will have its own privacy policy that you will be subject to. The website may also attempt to place cookies and files on your computer as well as collect other types of data about you. If Yavli is operating on such a third party website you will be subject to both Yavli’s and the website owner’s privacy policies. If Yavli is not present on the third party website you will only be subject to the website owner’s privacy policy. We do not accept any responsibility or liability for third party policies whatsoever as we have no control over them.

### How Information Is Used

We collect data to help us enhance the services and experiences we are able provide to our clients and users. We may use data gathered from your general web browsing history to serve sponsoredrecommendations that we believe will appeal to you. We may combine individual browsing information with data we have gathered from other Yavli users and use this to better enhance the recommendations we serve. The only time we share our data with third party companies and institutions is in the form of aggregated statistical data. This aggregated data does not identify individuals and isused to demonstrate trends, performance and usage of the services provided by Yavli. If you have voluntarily supplied personally identifiable information to Yavli via any medium we may use this information to contact you for maintenance, account administration and promotion purposes. Yavli may, at its sole discretion, combine any information you provide with other personal information that it obtains from business partners and other companies.

In the event of a full or partial acquisition or a merger, Yavli may sell, transfer or share some or all of its assets; some of which may include personally identifiable information. Yavli fully cooperates with government and law enforcement officials in the countries where it operates. Yavli will, at its sole discretion, disclose personally identifiable information to law enforcement officials or other associated third parties if required to do so by law or if we deem it to be necessary for the prevention of wrongdoing.

### Security & Confidentiality

Yavli considers the storage and safeguarding of your information to be a serious matter and therefore all reasonable safety measures are executed to ensure that your data is treated in a safe and secure fashion. Yavli limits access to your personal information to those employed or contracted by Yavli. We may transfer data that we collect from you to locations outside of the European Economic Area and United States of America for processing and storing. Also, it may be processed by employees operating outside of the European Economic Area and United States of America, who work for us in a variety of capacities. By submitting your personal data, you agree to this transfer, storing or processing.

The transmission of information via the Internet is not completely secure and therefore we cannot guarantee the security of data sent to us electronically and transmission of such data istherefore entirely at your own risk. We have no control over the security of other websites on the Internet that you might visit as a result of using Yavli’s services; and we accept no liability for problems caused as a result of using such websites. Where we have given you (or where you have chosen) a password so that you can access certain parts of our site, you are responsible for keeping this password confidential. We request that only those who are a minimum of 18 years old access and use the services Yavli provides.

### Contacting Us

If you have any queries, comments or requests regarding this Privacy Policy please send an email to [support@yavli.com](mailto:support@yavli.com).
