> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the awal.com privacy policy that was archived on 2013-10-13. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20131013140633id_/http%3A//www.kobaltmusic.com/page-privacy.php) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy Policy | Kobalt

  1. This privacy policy (the “privacy policy”) applies to your use of our website at www.kobaltmusic.com (the "website"). Please read this privacy policy carefully and in conjunction with our [terms of use](https://web.archive.org/web/20131013140633id_/http%3A//www.kobaltmusic.com/page-tos.php) and ensure that you understand them before you start to use the website. By accessing and using the website, you confirm that you have read, understood, and accept the privacy policy and any changes made to the privacy policy from time to time. If you do not agree to this privacy policy, you must not use the website. 
  2. This website is owned and operated by, or on behalf of, Kobalt Music Group Limited ("we" or "us"). We are registered in England and Wales under company number 04018752 and our registered office is at 4 Valentine Place, London SE1 8QH. Our VAT registration number is GB774150334. For the purpose of the Data Protection Act 1998, the data controller in respect of any personal data that you submit to us or that we collect from you is Kobalt Music Group Limited. 
  3. This includes information that you provide by filling in forms on the website, details of your visits to the website and the resources that you access, and information you supply if you report a problem with the website to us. If you contact us, we may keep a record of that correspondence. We may use any contact details you give us to respond to or otherwise contact you. This may include emailing you where you have provided your email address, and by providing your address you agree to us making such contact with you. We will only use any such information in accordance with the terms of this privacy policy. 
  4. By submitting your personal information, you consent to the collection, use and transfer of your information in accordance with the terms of this privacy policy.
  5. Certain personal information that you provide to us is defined as personal data by the Data Protection Act 1998. We do not seek any personal data other than that which is reasonable and necessary for the purposes sought.
  6. We may use your information to enable you to have full access to the website, to contact you when you have requested us to do so, to produce anonymous reports, statistics and analysis of the types of users who access the website, to contact you for your opinions on the website and notify you about important changes to the website and to administer and improve the website.
  7. We will retain your information for a reasonable period as required or as long as the law permits. Disclosure of your information
  8. We store the information you supply to us in a safe and proper manner in order to prevent unauthorised access, accidental loss, destruction, damage or unlawful processing.
  9. By providing us with your information you are giving us your explicit consent to collect, process, disclose, transfer or store your personal data to (i) to any third party to whom disclosure is necessary to enable us to provide you with any services which you have requested including but not limited to data processors such as web hosting companies and email marketing service companies; (ii) where required to do so by law or court order; (iii) to any person to whom disclosure is necessary to enable us to enforce our rights under this privacy policy or under the terms of use; and (iv) to any group company or prospective buyer of all or substantially all of Kobalt Music Group Limited’s assets in connection with the sale or transfer of those assets to any prospective buyer. This may include the transfer of your personal data to one or more countries outside the U.K. By using the website you consent to third parties having access to your personal data, including those outside the European Economic Area (EEA). You understand and accept that if your personal data is disclosed to third parties outside the EEA those parties may be based in territories that may not have data protection provisions in law. We will attempt to ensure that your data is held safely. 
  10. The servers used to process your personal data collected from this website are in the UK, however we collect data from wherever users are situated. The information that we collect may therefore be transferred to the UK from any other country in which you may be located and will be subject to UK data protection laws rather than the laws of the country in which you are resident.
  11. You are entitled to see the information we hold about you and you may ask us to make any necessary changes to ensure that it is accurate and kept up to date. If you wish to do this, please contact us. We are entitled by law to charge a fee of £10 to meet our costs in providing you with details of the information we hold about you.
  12. "Cookies" are small pieces of information sent by a web server to a web browser, which enables the server to collect information from the browser. You can find out more about how we use cookies [here](https://web.archive.org/web/20131013140633id_/http%3A//www.kobaltmusic.com/page-tos.php#cookie).


