> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the gene.com privacy policy that was archived on 2010-12-31. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20101231162638id_/http%3A//www.gene.com/gene/privacy.html) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Genentech: Home: Privacy Policy

Genentech, Inc. ("Genentech") respects the privacy of visitors to its websites, and we recognize your need for appropriate protection and management of personally identifiable information you share with us (any information by which you can be identified, including but not limited to, name, address, e-mail address, and telephone number). That is why we have established this Privacy Policy, so that you are informed about how we treat any personally identifiable information that you provide to us in the course of using this website. This Privacy Policy will inform you of: 

  1. How you will be informed of updates to this Privacy Policy
  2. What personally identifiable information of yours we may collect from you through our website
  3. How we may use your personally identifiable information
  4. Limits on how we would share and disclose your personally identifiable information
  5. Our policy regarding links to third party websites
  6. Security of our website
  7. How you can correct and update your personally identifiable information



Please note that the Genentech websites are directed towards users who reside in the United States of America. It is not our intent to gather personally identifiable information from individuals residing outside the U.S.

Due to the Internet's rapidly evolving nature, Genentech may need to update this Privacy Policy from time to time. If so, Genentech will post its updated Privacy Policy on our website located at www.gene.com so users are always aware of what personally identifiable information we may collect and how we may use this information. Genentech encourages you to review this Privacy Policy regularly for any changes. Your continued use of this website will be subject to the then-current Privacy Policy.

You can generally visit our website without revealing any personally identifiable information about yourself. However, to access certain options and services we may ask you to provide certain personally identifiable information and without providing such personally identifiable information, you may be unable to access certain options and services. We (along with our third party partners engaged to provide marketing and advertising on our behalf) collect personally identifiable information about you only if you voluntarily provide it to us and you have the option not to provide any personally identifiable information to us. The following is personally identifiable information that you may voluntarily provide to us and how we use it:

  * **Surveys.** Information obtained from you on web surveys, such as contact information (name and shipping address), demographic information (zip code, age level) and medical condition. We may use this personally identifiable information to provide you with information and services for which you have expressed an interest or that you may find useful based on your answers in a survey. Additionally, we may refer to your personally identifiable information to better understand your needs and how we can improve our website.
  * **Newsletters.** Information obtained from you from your request to subscribe to a newsletter, such as contact information (name and e-mail address). We may use this personally identifiable information to deliver the newsletters that you have elected to receive.
  * **Registration.** Information obtained from you on registration forms used to process your requests for services and information, such as contact information (name, address, e-mail address), password, username or code, age, date of birth, gender, ethnicity and medical condition. This registration information may also be gathered if you register for certain services via fax or mail. We may use this information to send you a welcoming e-mail to verify your username and password, website updates, special offers, notices regarding relevant medical conditions and treatment, or other information responsive to the data that you provide to us. Additionally, we may refer to your personally identifiable information to better understand your needs and how we can improve our website.
  * **Employment.** Information obtained from you on registration forms to process your requests to create an account to access job postings and to post your resume, such as contact information (name, e-mail address, mailing address), password, username or code, employment history and any other personally identifiable information contained in your resume that you post to the website. We may use your personally identifiable information to send you a welcoming e-mail to verify your username and password, for employee recruitment purposes and to respond to your requests for information.
  * **E-mail Content to a Friend.** Information obtained from you regarding friend or family name and e-mail address, if you elect to use our referral service for sending some of our website content to friends and family. We may use this personally identifiable information to automatically send the friend or family member a one-time e-mail inviting them to visit the website. We may store this information for the sole purpose of sending this one-time e-mail.



Genentech is the owner of all information collected on this website. 

You must be 18 years of age or older to submit registration or survey information. If you are under the age of 18 and wish to register to obtain further information or be included in a survey, then your parent or legal guardian must register to obtain the information or to participate in the survey.

Some of our websites may use cookie technology to identify users who have previously visited so the user is recognized upon return, thereby saving them time while on our website. A cookie is a piece of data stored on the user's hard drive containing information about the user. Usage of a cookie is in no way linked to any personally identifiable information while on our website. Once the user closes their browser, the cookie simply terminates. If a user rejects the cookie, they may still use our website. A cookie may be placed by us, or by vendors or service agencies who work with us or with our partners.

This website may use pixels, or transparent GIF files, to help manage online advertising. These GIF files are provided by our ad management partners. These files enable these partners to recognize a unique file on your web browser, which in turn enables us to learn which advertisements bring users to our website. The information contained in GIF files that we collect and share with our ad management partners is anonymous and is not personally identifiable. 

We may track the total number of visitors to our website, the number of visitors to each page of our website, IP addresses, and the domain names of our users' Internet Service Providers, and we may analyze these data for trends and statistics in the aggregate, but such information will be in aggregate form only and it will not contain personally identifiable data. Such aggregate information is not linked to any personally identifiable information that can identify any individual person.

We may use such aggregate information to analyze trends, administer the website, track user's movement, and gather broad demographic information for aggregate use. We may share this aggregate information with our corporate partners and contracted vendors to assist us in operating the website and to enable them to better understand Genentech's business. 

We may provide your personally identifiable information that we collect and the data generated by cookies to a parent, subsidiary or affiliate entity within the Genentech corporate family, partner entities, and the vendors and service agencies that we may engage to assist us. For example, we may provide your personally identifiable information to an organization in order to complete a service (e.g., send out newsletter e-mails you have requested), to assist us in reviewing the data or to provide marketing or advertising on our behalf. Any organization to which we provide such personally identifiable information is also required to keep your personally identifiable information confidential in accordance with this Privacy Policy. We will also disclose your personally identifiable information if we reasonably believe we are required to do so by law, regulation or other government authority (such as reporting safety information to the Food and Drug Administration). We will not sell your personally identifiable information to any other company or organization except we may transfer your personally identifiable information to a successor entity upon a merger, consolidation or other corporate reorganization in which Genentech participates or to a purchaser of all or substantially all of Genentech's assets. Such successor entity shall be bound by the terms and conditions of this Privacy Policy.

Some of our websites may contain links to other websites on the Internet that are not under the control of or maintained by Genentech. Such links do not constitute an endorsement by Genentech of those other websites, the content displayed therein, or the persons or entities associated therewith. You acknowledge that Genentech is providing these links to you only as a convenience, and you agree that Genentech is not responsible for the content of such websites. Your use of these other linked websites is subject to the respective terms of use and privacy policies located on the linked websites.

Genentech and its third party providers may employ procedural and technological security measures, consistent with industry practice. Such measures are reasonably designed to protect your personally identifiable information from loss, unauthorized access, disclosure, alteration or destruction. Genentech may use encryption, password protection, secure socket layers, internal restrictions and other security measures to help prevent unauthorized access to your personally identifiable information.

Genentech provides you with the ability to review and correct any of the personally identifiable information that you have provided to us. If you wish to correct any information provided to us, you may update your contact information directly by accessing your account or registration or you may contact Genentech by [webmaster@gene.com](mailto:webmaster@gene.com). You may also "opt-out" of receiving e-mails and other communications from us by using the unsubscribe feature included in the e-mails we send.

Privacy Policy Last Updated: June 25, 2004
