> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the mobileiron.com privacy policy that was archived on 2011-06-09. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20110609205523id_/http%3A//www.mobileiron.com/component/content/article/73/131-privacy-policy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy Policy | MobileIron

The Company, MobileIron, Inc., is committed to protecting your privacy. We have prepared this Privacy Policy to describe to you our practices regarding the Personal Data (as defined below) we collect from users of our Website Services, including at our Website located at [www.mobileiron.com](http://www.mobileiron.com/en/component/content/section/8). This Privacy Policy is incorporated into, and considered part of, the Company's Terms of Service available at [www.mobileiron.com/terms-of-service](http://www.mobileiron.com/en/component/content/article/73/132-terms-of-service). Capitalized terms not defined herein are defined in Terms of Service.

**1\. USER CONSENT.** By submitting Personal Data through our Website you agree to the terms of this Privacy Policy and you expressly consent to the processing of your Personal Data in accordance with this Privacy Policy.

**2\. A NOTE ABOUT CHILDREN.** We do not intentionally gather Personal Data about visitors who are under the age of 13.

**3\. A NOTE TO USERS OUTSIDE OF THE UNITED STATES.** YOUR PERSONAL DATA MAY BE PROCESSED IN THE COUNTRY IN WHICH IT WAS COLLECTED AND IN OTHER COUNTRIES, INCLUDING THE UNITED STATES, WHERE LAWS REGARDING PROCESSING OF PERSONAL DATA MAY BE LESS STRINGENT THAN THE LAWS IN YOUR COUNTRY.

**4\. TYPES OF DATA WE COLLECT.** We collect Personal Data and Anonymous Data from you when you visit our Website Services and when you send us information or communications. " **Personal Data** " means data that allows someone to identify or contact you, including, for example, your name, address, telephone number, e-mail address, as well as any other non-public information about you that is associated with or linked to any of the foregoing data. " **Anonymous Data** " means data that is not associated with or linked to your Personal Data; Anonymous Data does not permit the identification of individual persons. We collect Personal Data and Anonymous Data, as described below.

**4.1 Personal Data You Provide to Us.** We may collect Personal Data from you, such as your Registration Credentials (e.g., your first and last name, e-mail, username, and/or password), mailing addresses, professional title, and/or company name when you register for and/or use certain Website Services. We may also retain information on your behalf, that you store using your Registration Credentials (e.g., information regarding the smart phones you are using with the Website Services). We may also collect information from you when you use the Website Services (e.g., we may collect data regarding your usage of the Calculators and Tools). If you provide us feedback or contact us via e-mail, we will collect your name and e-mail address, as well as any other content included in the e-mail, in order to send you a reply, and any information that you submit to us. When you participate in one of our surveys, we may collect additional profile information. When you post messages on the forums, message boards, and/or blogs of our Website, the information contained in your posting will be stored on our servers and other users will be able to see it. We may also collect other types of Personal Data that you provide to us voluntarily and at points in our Website that state that Personal Data is being collected.

**4.2 Personal Data Collected via Technology.** To make our Website, products and services more useful to you, our servers (which may be hosted by a third party service provider) may collect Personal Data from you, including your browser type, operating system, Internet Protocol (IP) address (a number that is automatically assigned to your computer when you use the Internet, which may vary from session to session), domain name, and/or a date/time stamp for your visit. We may also use Cookies (as defined below) and navigational data like Uniform Resource Locators (URL) to gather information regarding the date and time of your visit and the solutions and information for which you searched and which you viewed. Like most Internet services, we may automatically gather this Personal Data and store it in log files each time you visit our Website or access your Registration Credentials on our network. " **Cookies** " are small pieces of information that a website sends to your computer’s hard drive while you are viewing a website. We may use both session Cookies (which expire once you close your web browser) and persistent Cookies (which stay on your computer until you delete them) to provide you with a more personal and interactive experience on our Website. Persistent Cookies can be removed by following Internet browser help file directions. If you choose to disable Cookies, some areas of our Website may not work properly.

**4.3 Personal Data Collected from Third Party Companies.** We may receive Personal and/or Anonymous Data about you from third party sources, including from companies that provide our products and services by way of a co-branded or private-labeled website or companies that offer their products and/or services on our Website, including our third party services providers, (" **Third Party Companies** "). Our Third Party Companies may supply us with Personal Data. We may add this information to the information we have already collected from you via our Website in order to improve the products and services we provide.

**4.4 Personal Data That We Collect from You About Others.** If you decide to email certain Public Website Content to a third party as permitted by our Website Services, we will collect your and the third party’s names and e-mail addresses in order to send an e-mail and follow up with the third party. You or the third party may contact us at the email address listed below to request the removal of this information from our database.

**5\. USE OF YOUR DATA**

**5.1 General Use.** In general, Personal Data you submit to us is used either to provide you the Website Services, respond to requests that you make, or to aid us in serving you better. Company uses your Personal Data in the following ways: to facilitate the creation of and secure your Registration Credentials on our or our third party service providers’ networks; identify you as a user in our system; provide improved administration and quality of experience of our Website Services and other products and services; send you administrative e-mail notifications; respond to your inquiries and requests; for our marketing purposes (including to contact you via email or telephone regarding our products and services); to make telephone calls to you, from time to time, as a part of secondary fraud protection or to solicit your feedback.

**5.2 Creation of Anonymous Data.** We may create Anonymous Data records from Personal Data by excluding information (such as your name) that make the data personally identifiable to you. We use this Anonymous Data to analyze request and usage patterns so that we may enhance our Website, products and services. Company reserves the right to use and disclose Anonymous Data to Third Party Companies in its discretion.

**6\. DISCLOSURE OF YOUR PERSONAL DATA** MobileIron does not rent or sell your Personal Data to other people, and MobileIron does not share your Personal Data with other people except (a) when we’ve given you the opportunity to opt-out of such sharing and you do not opt-out or (b) under the following circumstances:

**6.1 Affiliates.** Although we currently do not have a parent company, any subsidiaries, joint ventures, or other companies under a common control (collectively, " **Affiliates** "), we may in the future. We may share some or all of your Personal Data with these Affiliates, in which case we will require our Affiliates to honor this Privacy Policy. If another company acquires our company or our assets, that company will possess the Personal Data collected by it and us and will assume the rights and obligations regarding your Personal Data as described in this Privacy Policy.

**6.2 Disclosure to Third Party Service Providers.** We may share your Personal Data with third party service providers to provide you with our Website Services, Third Party Website Services, and/or other Company products and services; to conduct quality assurance testing; to facilitate creation of Registration Credentials; to provide help desk and technical support; to provide marketing services; and/or to provide other specific services to you and/or to us.

**6.3 Other Disclosures.** Company may disclose Personal Data if it believes in good faith that such disclosure is necessary to (a) comply with relevant laws or to respond to subpoenas or warrants served on Company; or (b) protect or defend the rights or property of Company or users of our Website, products and/or services.

**7\. THIRD PARTY SERVICES.** Our provision of a link to any other website or location, including for Third Party Website Services, is for your convenience and does not signify our endorsement of such other website, location, its contents, or the Third Party Website Services. When you click on such a link, you will leave our Website and go to another site. During this process, another entity may collect Personal Data or Anonymous Data from you. We have no control over, do not review, and cannot be responsible for, these outside websites or their content. Please be aware that the terms of this Privacy Policy do not apply to these outside websites or content, or to any collection of data after you click on links to such outside websites.

**8\. CHANGES TO PERSONAL DATA.** You may request changes to or deletion of your Personal Data by us, by sending an e-mail to us at the e-mail address set forth below, but please note that (a) we may not be able to edit or delete your Personal Data stored with our third party service providers and (b) we may be required (by law or otherwise) to keep this information and not delete it (or to keep this information for a certain time, in which case we will comply with your deletion request only after we have fulfilled such requirements). Certain areas of the Website Services may permit you to edit your Personal Data yourself through your Registration Credentials. When we delete any information, it will be deleted from the active database, but may remain in our archives.

**9\. SECURITY OF YOUR PERSONAL DATA.** Company is committed to protecting the security of your Personal Data. We use a variety of industry-standard security technologies and procedures to help protect your Personal Data from unauthorized access, use, or disclosure. We may also require you to enter a password to access your non-public information associated with your Registration Credentials. Please do not disclose your Registering Credentials to unauthorized people. Despite these measures, you should know that Company cannot fully eliminate security risks associated with Personal Data and mistakes may happen.

**10\. CONTACT INFORMATION.** Company welcomes your comments or questions regarding this Privacy Policy. Please e-mail us at [info@mobileiron.com](mailto:info@mobileiron.com).

**11\. CHANGES TO THIS PRIVACY POLICY.** This Privacy Policy is subject to occasional revision in accordance with our Terms of Service. In any event, changes to this Privacy Policy may affect our use of Personal Data that you provided us prior to our notification to you of the changes. If you do not wish to permit changes in our use of your Personal Data, you must notify us prior to the effective date of the changes that you wish to deactivate your Registration Credentials with us. Continued use of any Website Services following notice of such changes shall indicate your acknowledgement of such changes and agreement to be bound by the terms and conditions of such changes.

This Privacy Policy was last revised on May 17, 2009
