> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the mobileciti.com.au privacy policy that was archived on 2008-09-12. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20080912145239id_/http%3A//www.mobileciti.com.au/information.php%3Finfo_id%3D3) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# MobileCiti Online

**Privacy Policy**

MobileCiti is dedicated to keeping your details private. Any information, we collect in relation to you, is kept strictly secured. We do not pass on/sell/swap any of your personal details with anyone. We use this information to identify your orders, provide you with our monthly newsletter (if applicable) and to personalise your shopping experience with us; that's all. MobileCiti uses cookies to allow you to login to your account, maintain a shopping cart and to purchase items in your shopping cart. Cookies sent to your computer from MobileCiti only last while you’re browsing our website. We do not store persistent cookies on your computer. Cookies also allow us to give you a more personalised shopping experience by displaying products that interest you throughout our product pages, thus providing you with a more friendly, interesting and enjoyable shopping experience. Whenever you use our web site, or any other web site, the computer on which the web pages are stored (the Web server) needs to know the network address of your computer so that it can send the requested web pages to your Internet browser. The unique network address of your computer is called its "IP address," and is sent automatically each time you access any Internet site. From a computer's IP address, it is possible to determine the general geographic location of that computer, but otherwise it is anonymous. We do not keep a record of the IP addresses from which users access our site except where you have specifically provided us with information about yourself, in which case we also record your IP address for security purposes. An example of this would be when proceeding to a checkout to finalise an order you may wish to make. After completing the form provided, your IP address will be stored along with a transaction number that allows us to track your order. 

**Security Policy**

When purchasing from MobileCiti your financial details are passed through a secure server using the latest 128-bit SSL (secure sockets layer) encryption technology.128-bit SSL encryption is approximated to take at least one trillion years to break, and is the industry standard. If you have any questions regarding our privacy policy, please contact our customer support centre info@mobileciti.com.au. 

**Pricing Policy**

MobileCiti pricing online retailer industry and therefore is carefully monitored by our staff to provide our customers with the latest, competitive prices. All of our prices are in Australian dollars (AUD) and include GST (Goods and services tax) as of [the updated date here] Product prices are dynamically updated by our in house purchasing system when price changes are received from our suppliers. If you find a cheaper advertised price somewhere else, email or phone us with the details of the supplier together with prices of the product required and we will endeavour to provide you with a more competitive price.
