> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the mobilemonkey.com privacy policy that was archived on 2019-07-13. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20190713164043id_/https%3A//mobilemonkey.com/privacy-policy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# MobileMonkey Inc Privacy Policy | MobileMonkey

**Effective date: November 28, 2017**  
We at MobileMonkey, Inc. (“MobileMonkey Inc.”, “we” or “us”) take privacy seriously and are constantly striving to provide excellent service to you while building a long-lasting relationship with you.

If you are a member of the EU: [MobileMonkey’s EU-Specific Privacy Policy](https://mobilemonkey.com/mobilemonkeys-eu-specific-privacy-policy)

We respect the privacy of our users and have developed this privacy policy (the “Privacy Policy”) to articulate its commitment to protecting your privacy. The Privacy Policy is intended to describe for you, as an individual who is a user of our Application or of the services offered through the Application (collectively with the Application, the “Services”), the information we collect, how that information may be used, with whom it may be shared, and your choices about such uses and disclosures.

Our goal is to provide you with a personalized online experience that provides you with the information, resources, and services that are most relevant and helpful to you. We encourage you to read this Privacy Policy carefully when using the Services. By accessing the Services, you acknowledge and agree that you have read, fully accept, and will abide by this Privacy Policy.

 **What does this Privacy Policy cover?**  
This Privacy Policy covers our treatment of personally identifiable information (“Personal Information”) that we gather when you are accessing or using our Services, but not to the practices of companies we don’t own or control, or people that we don’t manage.

We gather various types of Personal Information from our users, as explained in more detail below, and we use this Personal Information internally in connection with our Services, including to personalize, provide, and improve our services, to allow you to set up a user account, to enable you to build chatbots and communicate with chatbots others have built, to contact you and allow other users to contact you, to fulfill your requests for certain products and services, and to analyze how you use the Services. In certain cases, we may also share some Personal Information with third parties, but only as described below.

 **Children’s Policy**  
As noted in the Terms of Use, we do not knowingly collect or solicit personal information from anyone under the age of 13. If you are under 13, please do not attempt to register for the Services or send any personal information about yourself to us. If we learn that we have collected personal information from a child under age 13, we will delete that information as quickly as possible. If you believe that a child under 13 may have provided us personal information, please contact us at tos@MobileMonkey.com.

 **Will MobileMonkey ever change this Privacy Policy?**  
MobileMonkey, Inc. is a company that continues to develop new products including additions to our application to create bots (the “Application”) operated by MobileMonkey, Inc., As a result our Services are under continuous development and some parts of this Privacy Policy may refer to functions of the Services that have not yet been implemented or deployed. Once such functions are available for use, by accessing and continuing to use the Services thereafter, you agree that those parts of the Privacy Policy shall go into effect.

We may need to at some point in the future, modify this Privacy Policy by posting a new Policy at this site and noting the date upon which the new policy is effective and/or by sending you an email with the new terms. Please review the changes to our Policy carefully. If you agree to the terms, simply continue to use the services offered at our site. If you object to any of the changes to the Privacy Policy, please do not continue to use our services, as your continued use of the services after we’ve posted a notice of changes to the Privacy Policy shall constitute your consent to the changed terms or practices.

 **What Information does MobileMonkey Collect?**  
**Information You Provide to Us:**  
We receive and store information you knowingly provide to us. For example, if you create an account on our Services to build a chatbot, through the registration process and/or through your account settings, we may collect Personal Information such as, but not limited to, your name, email address, timezone, list of Facebook Pages you own. Or, if you are an individual who communicates with chatbots that have been created using our services, we may collect information such as, but not limited to, your name, gender, time zone, and avatar/picture. If you provide your Facebook or other third-party account credentials to, you understand some content and/or information in those accounts (“Third Party Account Information”) may be transmitted into your account with us, and that Third Party Account Information transmitted to our Services is covered by this Privacy Policy; for example, when you log in to our Services using your Facebook Messenger account, we may receive your personal information associated with that account, such as your Facebook pages. Certain information may be required to register with us or to take advantage of some of our features.

 **Information Collected Automatically**  
Whenever you interact with our Services, we automatically receive and record information on our server logs from your browser or device, which may include any chatbots you have created using the Services, your conversation history with the chatbots(s), IP address, geolocation data, device identification, “cookie” information, the type of browser and/or device you’re using to access our Services, and the page or feature you requested. “Cookies” are identifiers we transfer to your browser or device that allow us to recognize your browser or device and tell us how and when pages and features in our Services are visited and by how many people. You may be able to change the preferences on your browser or device to prevent or limit your device’s acceptance of cookies, but this may prevent you from taking advantage of some of our features. If you click on a link to a third party website or service, a third party may also transmit cookies to you. Again, this Privacy Policy does not cover the use of cookies by any third parties, and we aren’t responsible for their privacy policies and practices. Please be aware that cookies placed by third parties may continue to track your activities online even after you have left our Services, and those third parties may not honor “Do Not Track” requests you have set using your browser or device. We may use this data to customize content for you that we think you might like, based on your usage patterns. We may also use it to improve the Services or to help developers build better chatbots– for example, this data can tell us how often users use a particular feature of the Services, or what kinds of questions users ask of certain chatbots, and we can use that knowledge to make the Services and the chatbots created through the Services interesting to as many users as possible.

 **Information Collected from Other Websites and Do Not Track Policy**  
Through cookies we place on your browser or device, we may collect information about your online activity after you leave our Services. Just like any other usage information we collect, this information allows us to improve the Services and customize your online experience, and otherwise as described in this Privacy Policy. Your browser may offer you a “Do Not Track” option, which allows you to signal to operators of websites and web applications and services (including behavioral advertising services) that you do not wish such operators to track certain of your online activities over time and across different websites. Our Services do not support Do Not Track requests at this time.

 **Sharing Information with Partners, Affiliates, Resellers and Chatbot “owners”**  
MobileMonkey does not distribute personal information that you have shared with us, except as permitted in this Privacy Policy and our then-current Terms of Use, if any.

MobileMonkey may share your name, address, email, and other contact information with certain of our partners, affiliates, and resellers who we think may have offers, products, or services that may be of value to you. We will not provide our partners with any credit card, billing information or history or personal information that we have gained through our relationship that is not relevant to the partners primary business function and offer. We may also send you information on products, services, or offers by third parties that we think you might find valuable to you. Our partners, affiliates, and resellers also may use the contact information you’ve provided us to contact you directly with information on their own products, services, and offers. By providing us with your personal information during the user registration process and by accessing our site and our services, you are agreeing to the terms of this Privacy Policy, and you expressly consent to our storing, processing, and distributing your information for these purposes.

MobileMonkey also may disclose personal information that is associated with your profile as permitted by law or as reasonably necessary to: (1) comply with a legal requirement or process, including, but not limited to, civil and criminal subpoenas, court orders or other compulsory disclosures; (2) investigate and enforce this Privacy Policy or our then-current Terms Use, if any; (3) respond to claims of a violation of the rights of third parties; (4) respond to customer service inquiries; (5) protect the rights, property, or safety of MobileMonkey, our users, or the public; or (6) as part of the sale of the assets of MobileMonkey or as a change in control of the organization or one of its affiliates or in preparation for any of these events. MobileMonkey reserves the right to supply any such information to any organization into which MobileMonkey may merge in the future or to which it may make any transfer. Any third party to which MobileMonkey transfers or sells its assets will have the right to use the personal and other information that you provide in the manner set out in this Privacy Policy.

Chatbot “Owners”: The creators and distributors of chatbots are the “owners” of the chatbots created through the Services which you communicate with will have access to the Personal Information you provide to them. For example, if you communicate with a chatbot which was created through the Services, the developer/owner of that chatbot may have access to your conversation history with the chatbot, your username, your avatar, and any other information you provide through the chatbot. In addition, the chatbot creator/owner may use a variety of third party product integration to receive and process the data from your interaction with the chatbot.  
Note: MobileMonkey is not responsible and cannot be held liable for the use of personal information gathered during chatbot session and collected by a chatbot “owner”.

 **Links to Third Party Websites and Services**  
MobileMonkey’s website and services may provide links to third-party websites for the convenience of our users. If you access those links, you will leave MobileMonkey’d website. MobileMonkey does not control these third-party websites and cannot represent that their policies and practices will be consistent with this Privacy Statement. For example, other websites may collect or use personal information about you in a manner different from that described in this document. Therefore, you should use other websites with caution, and you do so at your own risk. We encourage you to review the privacy policy of any website before submitting personal information.

 **Communications from MobileMonkey**  
We use the information you provide to customize your experience on our sites and our services. We may communicate with you using email or other means available to us regarding the availability of services, service-related issues, or promotional messages that we believe may be of interest to you. We may, for example, send you welcome messages, emails regarding new features or services, targeted advertisements, and other promotional information from MobileMonkey, or our affiliates, members, and partners. You may opt out of receiving promotional messages from MobileMonkey by following the instructions contained in the email. As long as you’re a registered user, however, you can’t opt out of receiving service messages from us. MobileMonkey may also use personal information in order to customize content on the site to you, such as news relevant to you or to your industry or to MobileMonkey.

 **How we protect your personal information**  
We take appropriate security measures (including physical, electronic and procedural measures) to help safeguard your personal information from unauthorized access and disclosure. For example, only authorized employees and third parties who have agreed to be bound by confidentiality restrictions, such as consultants, may be permitted to access personal information, and they may do so only for permitted business functions. In addition, we use SSL encryption in the transmission of your sensitive personal information between your system and ours, and we use firewalls to help prevent unauthorized persons from gaining access to your personal information. We want you to feel confident using the Services. However, no system can be completely secure. Therefore, although we take steps to secure your information, we do not promise, and you should not expect, that your personal information, searches, or other communications will always remain secure. Users should also take care with how they handle and disclose their personal information and should avoid sending personal information through insecure e-mail. Please refer to the Federal Trade Commission’s website at http://www.ftc.gov/bcp/menus/consumer/data.shtm for information about how to protect yourself against identity theft.

Under California Civil Code Sections 1798.83-1798.84, California residents are entitled to contact us to prevent disclosure of Personal Information to third parties for such third parties’ direct marketing purposes; in order to submit such a request, please contact us at tos@MobileMonkey.com.

 **YOUR OPTIONS AND OBLIGATIONS**  
Rights to Access, Correct, or Delete Your Information; Closing Your Account.  
You can always opt not to disclose information to us, but keep in mind some information may be needed to register with us, to communicate with chatbots, or to take advantage of some of our features. You may stop using the Services at any time; however, your conversation logs from communications with chatbots may remain in our records.

By agreeing to this Privacy Policy you are should be fully aware that communication over a “chat” managed by any third party company including MobileMonkey Inc should not be considered private and transcripts of the conversations will likely exist in several locations immediately upon submission. For example, a conversation over FaceBook Messenger will be stored within the Messenger platform (subject to the FaceBook privacy policy), stored within MobileMonkey (subject to this privacy policy) and stored by the chatbot “owner” who you are communicating with.

 **What if I have questions about this policy?**  
If you have any questions or concerns regarding our privacy policies, please send us a detailed message to TOS@mobilemonkey.com and we will try to address your concerns.
