> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the mobile-phones-uk.org.uk privacy policy that was archived on 2013-05-15. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20130515141127id_/http%3A//www.s21.com/disclaimer.htm) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Disclaimer | S21

  |   


* * *

[**Popular articles**](https://web.archive.org/web/20130515141127id_/http%3A//articles.htm)

* * *

* * *

* * *

* * *

* * *

[](https://web.archive.org/web/20130515141127id_/http%3A//news.rss) [RSS News feed](http://feeds.feedburner.com/S21tech)  


|   |   | 

  1. S21 is a trading name of Landmark Internet Ltd.
  2. S21 acknowledges all trade marks and copyrights as being those of their respective owners. There is no association between S21 and any of the manufacturers whose names or logos appear on this site.
  3. All reviews on this site are the opinions of the reviewers. Whilst S21 takes reasonable care to ensure that information on this site is accurate, complete and up to date, S21 offers no warranty that any such information is correct, and buyers should not rely solely on the information on this site when selecting products, services or retailers. Under no circumstances will S21 be held responsible for any losses incurred for any reason whatsoever as a result of using this site, nor does S21 represent any of the companies referred to on this site.
  4. S21 assumes no responsibility for material created or published by third parties on sites which are linked to or from this site, or for third party products referred to in such sites. S21 has no control over and assumes no responsibility for any material created or published by third parties on sites which are linked to or from this site and such links shall in no way imply that S21 endorses the site or the products or services referred to in such sites.



## Privacy & Cookies

  1. This website does not collect or store any personal information about users, other than reviews or comments entered by users, and through the use of third-party cookies, which are text files placed on your computer.
  2. This website uses cookies to collect non-personally identifiable information related to user browsing and navigation, and this information may be shared with third parties. Cookies are used to identify when a user clicks on a link to an advertiser's site. The purpose of these cookies is to store information related to the click, such as clickthrough time, IP address, and the fact that the click originated from this website. They do not enable us or any third party to create a profile of an individual's browsing history, or to target online adverts. Nor do they store information about a user's previous activity on this site. These cookies will normally expire after 30 days.
  3. This website uses [Google Analytics](http://www.google.com/analytics/), a web analytics service provided by Google, Inc. ("Google"). Google Analytics uses cookies to help the website analyse how users use the site. The information generated by the cookie about your use of the website (including your IP address) will be transmitted to and stored by Google on servers in the United States. Google will use this information for the purpose of evaluating your use of the website, compiling reports on website activity for website operators and providing other services relating to website activity and internet usage. Google may also transfer this information to third parties where required to do so by law, or where such third parties process the information on Google's behalf. Google will not associate your IP address with any other data held by Google.
  4. This website uses Facebook Connect to display user "likes". [Facebook](https://www.facebook.com/about/privacy/) may use cookies to collect information related to user browsing.
  5. You may refuse the use of cookies by selecting the appropriate settings on your browser, however please note that if you do this you may not be able to use the full functionality of this website. By using this website, you consent to the processing of data about you in the manner and for the purposes set out above.



## Company information

  1. This website is owned and managed by:  
Landmark Internet Ltd  
Registered office: Brushwood, Frilford Heath, Oxford, OX13 5QG  
Telephone: 01865 390996 (Press and business enquiries)

|   |   
---|---|---|---|---|---|---
