> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the mobipocket.com privacy policy that was archived on 2003-06-18. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20030618100314id_/http%3A//www.mobipocket.com/en/MyMobi/Cnil.asp) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Mobipocket.com - eBooks for your PDA

## PRIVACY POLICY

MOBIPOCKET.COM undertakes to respect the confidentiality of information provided on line by the user.

MOBIPOCKET.COM thanks each user for reading and understanding the provisions hereafter which enable the said user to be informed about the use that can be made of his personal information when benefiting from offers available on MOBIPOCKET.COM web site.

MOBIPOCKET.COM is entitled to amend the present provisions and therefore request each user to pay them attention on a regular basis.

##### 1\. Provisions concerning the nature of personally identifiable information collected by MOBIPOCKET.COM

MOBIPOCKET.COM collects various kind of information on its web site. Some personal information is gathered when the user registers. Upon registration, MOBIPOCKET.COM asks for the first and last name, the e-mail address and other personal information concerning the user.

MOBIPOCKET.COM is all the more competent to answer the expectations of users as the information they provide is detailed and complete: MOBIPOCKET.COM is thus able to personalize its proposed services and to develop its project.

MOBIPOCKET.COM may also ask any personal information under other circumstances, and in particular when the user applies to an operation of promotion sponsored by a partner of MOBIPOCKET.COM, when he buys a product and/or a service, directly or indirectly provided by MOBIPOCKET.COM, and when the user reports a problem in connection with one of the MOBIPOCKET.COM products or services.

If a user contacts MOBIPOCKET.COM, a copy of such correspondence is kept. MOBIPOCKET.COM may also ask users to complete surveys for the purpose of internal research. Whenever personal information is collected, MOBIPOCKET.COM endeavors to include a link leading to these provisions on the relevant page.

##### 2\. Provisions relating to "cookies"

In order for MOBIPOCKET.COM to offer personalized services to users, MOBIPOCKET.COM uses cookies to record and sometimes keep track of the personal data of each user. A "cookie" is a file containing data, which is sent to the browser of the concerned user by a web server and stored on the hard disk of his computer. All services proposed by MOBIPOCKET.COM may require the user to accept "cookies". The user may intervene regarding "cookies": by amending the parameters of his computer, he may accept all the "cookies", receive notice of the operating of a "cookie", or reject all the "cookies". In the case of this last option, the user shall not have the possibility to use MOBIPOCKET.COM products and services. MOBIPOCKET.COM indicates to the user upon the collection or transfer of the data if his personal information is likely to be disclosed to a third party. The user may always forbid such transfer. In order for such data not to be disclosed, the user may choose not to use a particular product or service or not to participate to certain promotions. "Cookies" are generally used by MOBIPOCKET.COM for the following purposes: - to keep the possibility to identify users and have access to information regarding such users so that the offered service may be improved and personalized. This "cookie" is operational when the user registers or logs in and is modified when the user logs out from MOBIPOCKET.COM services; - to assess the audience size of MOBIPOCKET.COM. Each navigator who accesses MOBIPOCKET.COM is given a single "cookie" which then allows to determine the frequency of the service uses, the coming back and forth of a registered user in comparison with the ones of a new user, and which may help MOBIPOCKET.COM defining the interests and behavior of users, in particular for the purposes of statistics and/or promotion. - to help MOBIPOCKET.COM establishing the follow up of the visits to and the transactions concluded on or via its web site, and to process the items of the shopping basket of each user. This information collected by "cookies" may also describe the pages skimmed through by the user on the site and the visited links; - to follow the progress made by each user and the number of participants to certain promotional operations on MOBIPOCKET.COM web site. When a promotional offer is hosted by MOBIPOCKET.COM, "cookies" are used and the information contained in such "cookie" indicates the progress of the participant during the promotion period, and may be used for the follow up of registrations and participation; - to measure certain traffic patterns, identify the areas of the web site MOBIPOCKET.COM network which have been visited by the user, and more generally his visiting patterns. MOBIPOCKET.COM utilizes this research to analyze the similarities or differences of its users' behavior and foresee their expectations. MOBIPOCKET.COM uses in particular this information to personalize some more the content, banners and promotional offers appearing on MOBIPOCKET.COM web site. Advertising distance networks and/ or networks of advertisers who download their advertising directly on MOBIPOCKET.COM web site may also use their own "cookies". Therefore, the user is invited to read the general terms and conditions of the software so as to know about the conditions of MOBIPOCKET.COM partners' intervention. In addition, upon registration of the user, MOBIPOCKET.COM collects addresses, which allow, in case of abuse or misuse, to answer to the relevant authorities.

##### 3\. Provisions regarding the purpose of collected information

The main goal of MOBIPOCKET.COM in collecting personal information consists in offering a personalized access to its site and links to its users. MOBIPOCKET.COM therefore tends to propose services which fit the users' needs, tools which allow the reading of information or literature contents, e-commerce services adjusted to the business activity of MOBIPOCKET.COM, free of charge or in return for payment, depending on such contents. Within the framework of such goal, MOBIPOCKET.COM may be entitled to spread advertising and/or the contents of selected web pages. MOBIPOCKET.COM offers direct or indirect promotions through e-mail addresses only if the user has indicated such wish upon registration. The user may modify this indication at any time. MOBIPOCKET.COM exploits personal information given by the user upon registration, or on the occasion of a promotion or contained in the magazine files of its site, to analyze the users' age, interests and behaviors. These studies are compiled and analyzed within a global marketing approach of the said personal information, in compliance with the obligations laid down in the applicable legislation and regulations.

##### 4\. Provisions regarding the recipients of the personal information

hen a user on MOBIPOCKET.COM site is asked for personal information, he only shares such information with MOBIPOCKET.COM and/or MOBIPOCKET.COM's partners which distribute the content, selected by the user, and with whom a confidentiality agreement has been concluded. Thus, certain services of MOBIPOCKET.COM are proposed to the user by MOBIPOCKET.COM together with one or many other companies. In order to offer such additional service, MOBIPOCKET.COM is bound to communicate personal information regarding the user to one or several partner companies. If the information is collected and/ or processed by any other company than MOBIPOCKET.COM, notice is given to the user before the beginning of such collecting or transfer. The user may refuse the transfer of his personal information, which may result, if need be, in the denial of the access to the proposed service. Promotional offers proposed by MOBIPOCKET.COM may be sponsored by other companies than MOBIPOCKET.COM or be co-sponsored by MOBIPOCKET.COM. Information gathered upon a promotion may be shared, in whole or in part, with the concerned sponsor. In this case, notice is given to the user before the collecting or transfer of the data. The user may decide not to participate to the promotion if he does not want his personal information to be disclosed. The user acknowledges that the advertisers and commercial partners which own links on MOBIPOCKET.COM web site may collect his personal information. The present provisions do not govern habits of web sites related to MOBIPOCKET.COM, regarding information. MOBIPOCKET.COM undertakes not to disclose any personal information without the express consent of the user. Regarding personal information detained by third parties and compiled data, MOBIPOCKET.COM may bring together personal information of its users and data detained by third parties, provided that confidentiality agreements are concluded between MOBIPOCKET.COM and such third parties. In this case, MOBIPOCKET.COM may have to disclose personal information anonymously compiled for statistic purposes, so as to propose its services to partners, advertisers and other possible partners. In addition, MOBIPOCKET.COM may have to disclose confidential information under specific circumstances, when their disclosure is necessary to identify, question or bring an action against any person likely to prejudice or harm the rights or property of MOBIPOCKET.COM, other MOBIPOCKET.COM users, or any person likely to be harmed by such activities. MOBIPOCKET.COM may generally disclose personal information under any circumstances where MOBIPOCKET.COM is legally bound by such obligation.

##### 5\. Provisions regarding the period during which personal information is stored

MOBIPOCKET.COM informs the user that the personal information he provides are stored for a period of 5 years. At the end of such period, unless otherwise expressly authorized by the CNIL, the processed data shall be automatically compiled and have an anonymous status for statistic purposes. During the whole data storage period, the user benefits from a right of access, communication, modification of his personal information as well as the right to refuse their spreading.

##### 6\. Provisions regarding the user's rights on the processing of personal information

MOBIPOCKET.COM undertakes to send, by electronic mail, information regarding products and services likely to arouse the user's interest, only in the case where the user has indicated upon registration his desire to receive offers or information from MOBIPOCKET.COM and its partners. If the user does not wish to receive such offers or information, he only has to make such wish clear when communicating his personal information. In addition, the user may decide at any time not to receive such offers or information simply by notifying MOBIPOCKET.COM. Besides, the user may, at any time, request the communication of his personal information and if need be, ask for its rectification, up-date or deletion. For such purpose, the user has to notify such request to MOBIPOCKET.COM by registered letter with acknowledgement of receipt or by any other equivalent means and has to provide a proof of his identity. Under any circumstances, and pursuant to applicable French law, and in particular the law of January 6, 1978 on Software, filing and civil liberties (Informatique, fichiers et libertés), the user is always entitled to check, modify such data and to refuse their spreading. In this respect, MOBIPOCKET.COM undertakes to file with the CNIL, the data bank thus constituted.

##### 7\. Provisions regarding financial information and more generally sensitive information

MOBIPOCKET.COM expressly undertakes to insure by any means the confidentiality of users' financial information and more generally any sensitive information. In this respect, statistics relating to the use of financial products and services that MOBIPOCKET.COM may communicate to possible advertisers or partners are exclusively provided on an anonymous basis and compiled, and do not contain any personally identifiable information regarding any specific user. The user may have to give its credit card number on MOBIPOCKET.COM's web site in order to carry out a sale or verification. MOBIPOCKET.COM undertakes to forward such credit card number, asked to the user, under an encrypted format, and uses for such purpose a numbering complying with applicable standards.

Any question relating to the present provision shall be sent by electronic mail to MOBIPOCKET.COM : [info@mobipocket.com](mailto:info@mobipocket.com)
