> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the mobile-price.in privacy policy that was archived on 2016-11-06. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20161106215625id_/http%3A//www.mobile-price.in/disclaimer-privacy-policy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Disclaimer & Privacy Policy

**Disclaimer:**

 ****The contents of this Website are based on information generally available to the public from sources believed to be reliable. No representation is made that it is timely, accurate or complete. We have taken due care and caution in compilation of data as this has been obtained from various sources including which it considers reliable and first hand. However, we do not guarantee the accuracy, adequacy or completeness of any information and it is not responsible for any errors or omissions or for the results obtained from the use of such information and especially states that it has no financial liability whatsoever to the subscribers / users of this report. The information herein, together with all estimates and forecasts, can change without notice.

This report does not purport to be a solicitation of any advice pertaining to trade and business and readers are advised to consult experts or study / evaluate individual business prospectus and other relevant legal documents before taking any decisions based on information provided in the site. We do not accept responsibility for any financial consequences arising from the use of the research or information provided herein.

 **Privacy Policy:**

we recognize that privacy of your personal information is important. Here is information on what types of personal information we receive and collect when you use visit mobile-price.in, and how we safeguard your information.  
We never sell your personal information to third parties.  
Email Addresses – We never share your email addresses with anyone.  
Log Files – – As with most other websites, we collect and use the data contained in log files. The information in the log files include your IP (internet protocol) address, your ISP the browser you used to visit our site (such as Internet Explorer or Firefox), the time you visited our site and which pages you visited throughout our site.  
Cookies and Web Beacons – We do use cookies to store information, such as your personal preferences when you visit our site. We use third-party advertising companies to serve ads when you visit our website. These companies may use information (not including your name, address, email address, or telephone number) about your visits to this and other websites in order to provide advertisements about goods and services of interest to you. If you would like more information about this practice and to know your choices about not having this information used by these companies, click here. http://www.networkadvertising.org/

Some of these advertisers may use technology such as cookies and web beacons when they advertise on our site, which will also send these advertisers (such as Google through the Google AdSense program) information including your IP address, your ISP , the browser you used to visit our site, and in some cases, whether you have Flash installed. Google, as a third party vendor, uses cookies to serve ads. Google’s use of the DART cookie enables it to serve ads to your users based on their visit to sites and other sites on the Internet. Users may opt out of the use of the DART cookie by visiting the Google ad and content network privacy policy. http://www.google.com/privacy_ads.html You can chose to disable or selectively turn off our cookies or third-party cookies in your browser settings, or by managing preferences in programs such as Norton Internet Security. However, this can affect how you are able to interact with our site as well as other websites. This could include the inability to login to services or programs, such as logging into forums or accounts.
