> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the fromyouflowers.com privacy policy that was archived on 2008-06-16. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20080616185346id_/http%3A//www.fromyouflowers.com/secpriv.htm) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Security and Privacy

From You Flowers, LLC is committed to protecting our customers' privacy. We feel it is important that you fully understand the terms and conditions under which we use the information we gather from you through the use of our Web site located at URL [www.fromyouflowers.com](http://www.fromyouflowers.com/). Please read this Privacy Policy carefully to understand how we will use and protect your personal information. We will never share your personal information with anyone except as described in this Policy. Changes to this Policy will be announced on our Web site at least ten days in advance, so please check back periodically.

Questions regarding this Policy should be directed to [wecare@fromyouflowers.com](mailto:wecare@fromyouflowers.com) or we may also be contacted directly at the following address: 

From You Flowers, LLC  
455 Boston Post Rd  
Suite 205   
Old Saybrook, CT 06475 

**Information we collect**

In order to better provide you with numerous products and services, we collect some information about you. Our primary goal in collecting information from you is to provide you with a smooth, efficient and customized experience while using our Site. We only collect information that is necessary for us to process your order. We may perform statistical analyses of aggregate customer behavior. This allows us to measure relative customer interest in the various areas of each of our Sites for product development purposes. Any information we collect is used for our own internal purposes to improve the content and navigation of our Sites, to enhance users' experiences when visiting our Sites, to customize the content and/or layout of our pages, and to provide the services required by an individual customer. We also use information to notify consumers about updates to our Sites, to complete user initiated transactions, to trace false orders and to contact consumers directly, or through our third-party service partners, for marketing purposes. The information collected from you includes Personally Identifiable Information and Non-Personally Identifiable Information, which are defined below: 

**_Personally Identifiable Information:_** "Personally Identifiable Information" refers to information that lets us know the specifics of who you are and can be used to identify, contact or locate you. Personally Identifiable Information is requested when you register with us, order a product or service, fill out surveys, participate in contests or sweepstakes, correspond with us, or otherwise volunteer information, for instance, through the use of one of our reminder services. Personally Identifiable Information might include your name, mailing address, telephone number, mobile phone number, email address, and other identification and contact information. If you are using a reminder service on one of our Sites, we may ask you to provide the name, mailing address, email address, telephone number, mobile phone number, age, date of birth, anniversary date or other personal annuity date of you, a friend, a loved one, family members or other third parties, and certain holiday information that may reveal one's religious background, so that we may send them or you a reminder about an event that could be made more special with the gift of our products. We may also collect certain financial information, like your credit card number. With this information, we can fill your service and product orders and better provide you with personalized services. You also may have the option of importing information into certain Sites from third-party software. This information may include these categories, as well as other categories of information that you have entered into these third-party programs. 

**_Non Personally Identifiable Information:_** "Non Personally Identifiable Information" refers to information that does not identify a specific individual by itself or in combination with other information. We may gather certain information about you such as age, date of birth, gender, anniversary date or other personal annuity date of you, a friend, a loved one, family members or other third parties, certain holiday information that may reveal one's religious background, as well as consumer purchasing information based upon where you shop on any one of our Sites. This information may be compiled and analyzed on both a personal and an aggregated basis. This information may include the website's Uniform Resource Locator ("URL") that you just came from, which URL you next go to, what browser you are using, and your Internet Protocol ("IP") address. A URL is the global address of documents and other resources on the Internet. An IP address is an identifier for a computer or device on a Transmission Control Protocol/Internet Protocol ("TCP/IP") network, such as the Internet. Networks use the TCP/IP protocol to route information based on the IP address of the destination. In other words, an IP address is a number that is automatically assigned to your computer whenever you are surfing the Internet, allowing Internet servers to locate and identify your computer. Computers require IP addresses in order for users to communicate on the Internet, browse and shop. 

**With whom do we share your information?**

The information collected by our Site is used to process orders, to keep you informed about your order status, to notify you of products or special offers that may be of interest to you, and for statistical purposes for improving our Site. We will disclose your Personally Identifiable Information to third parties to charge your credit card (or process your check or money order, as appropriate), fill your order, deliver your order and deliver promotional emails to you from us. For example, we must release your credit card number to confirm payment; and release your mailing address information to the delivery service to deliver products that you ordered. From time to time, on limited bases, we may share with trustworthy third parties contact information of our account holders so that such third parties can promote their products and services. In addition, from time to time, we may market certain third party services through our site. Should you choose to accept an offer from a third party, we will pass your relevant personal information, including name and credit/debit card number, to that third party. We do also share Personally Identifiable Information with our floral and gift distributors for the purpose of fulfilling and delivering your orders. We may offer free promotional emails and send promotional direct mail for products and/or services offered on any one or more of our Sites or from businesses that we believe are reputable, as a service to our prior customers from any of our Sites. You, as an account holder, can opt out from our disclosure of your information for this purpose at any time by sending an e-mail to [wecare@fromyouflowers.com](mailto:wecare@fromyouflowers.com), detailing your interest in being excluded from the program. From time to time we are contacted by flower and other gift recipients who ask us who the sender was. If we receive a request from a recipient asking who sent flowers or another gift we will provide the name and any other information as contained on the gift message accompanying the flowers or gift. If there is no gift message filled out or if there is no name on the gift message we may ask the sender via email. If we receive approval to disclose the sender's name from the sender via email or in writing, we will then inform the recipient. If the sender does not reply via email or in writing or if the sender denies permission, then we will not reveal the sender's identity to the recipient. 

**Requests From Law Enforcement:**

From time to time, we may be required by law enforcement or judicial authorities to provide Personally Identifiable Information to the appropriate governmental authorities. We will disclose Personally Identifiable Information upon receipt of a court order or subpoena or to cooperate with a law enforcement investigation. We fully cooperate with law enforcement agencies in identifying those who use our services for illegal activities. We reserve the right to report to law enforcement agencies any activities that we in good faith believe to be unlawful. 

**Security Measures**

From You Flowers Web Site is protected by a VeriSign Security Certificate. Our customers can be assured that their personal information, including credit card information, is safe. 

Copyright © 2008 From You Flowers, LLC. All rights reserved.
