> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the frontlinesourcegroup.com privacy policy that was archived on 2017-02-21. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20170221121149id_/https%3A//www.frontlinesourcegroup.com/privacy-policy.html) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Staffing Agency Privacy Policy - Frontline Source Group

## Because we want to demonstrate our commitment to users' privacy, we have disclosed our information practices. If users have questions or concerns regarding this statement, they should contact Frontline Source Group, Inc. customer service at Questions/Concerns.

**Scope**

This Privacy Policy covers frontline source group treatment of personally identifiable information that we collect when you are on frontline source group website and when you use our services. This policy also covers our treatment of any personally identifiable information that our business partners or customers share with us. This policy does not apply to the practices of companies that frontline source group, inc. does not own or control, or to individuals that frontline source group, inc. does not employ or manage, including operators of sites to which may link from the frontline source group, inc. website. This policy also does not apply to any offline collection of personally identifiable information or the treatment of the same when such information is collected outside of the frontline source group site.

 **What information do we gather?**

The only individually identifiable information that we collect about you is that which you choose to share with us in registration when using our products and services, or when responding to offers from frontline source group or from our business partners or customers. We also collect information about aggregate site usage. Statistics that we gather about unique visits, referring URL's, repeat visits and page views are all based on IP address, and are not associated with your personal information. At the time of registration, we only ask for your email address and a username you select. From time to time, frontline source group may survey its members for additional personal information. Aggregate information about our users is valuable to our advertisers as it provides them with more effective channels for reaching potential customers. Without advertising support, we could not keep the Web site free for use. We share aggregate information with our partners and advertisers. We will not share your personally identifiable information with any third party, unless we tell you otherwise when we collect the information, you have consented by "opting in" to being contacted by frontline source group, its third party partners or advertisers, or we have informed you of a change to our privacy policy so that you can then choose to opt out. We will give you a way to "opt-out" of being contacted by frontline source group. In short, the information you provide us can help us understand how to make our Web site more useful to our users.

 **Opting-Out**

We do not share your personally identifiable information with anyone unless we tell you otherwise when we collect the information, you "opt-in" to having your information shared with third parties, or we have informed you of a change to our privacy policy so that you can choose to opt out. When we ask you for personal information, such as the kind of information we may ask you for through a survey, or through a request for an investor kit on a company we featured in frontline source group, we will tell you if we intend to share it with others. Once you have "opted in" and agreed that your information may be shared with third parties or you have responded to an offer by any third party on the frontline source group, inc. Web sites, frontline source group can no longer update any of your personally identifiable information that has been transferred to such third parties or opt you out of such third parties so that you no longer receive their promotional and/or marketing information. Instead, you must either contact that third party or refer to their privacy policy to update your personally identifiable information or to let them know that you no longer want to receive promotional and/or marketing information about their products, services, or offerings.

 **What information do we collect?**

The only individual identifiable information that we collect about you is that which you choose to share with us in registration, when you use our products or services that require you to provide personal information about yourself, when responding to offers from frontline source group or from our third party business partners or advertisers, or when responding to surveys from us or our third party business partners (including without limitation surveys for online advertising brand effectiveness), or requests for investor kits on companies we may feature on our Websites. As stated earlier, this information will be closely protected and used for internal purposes only, unless we tell you otherwise when we collect the information, you have consented by "opting in" to be contacted by frontline source group its partners and advertisers, and other third parties or we have informed you of a change to our privacy policy so that you can then choose to opt out. We will never willfully release your personal information to any third party without providing you notice unless you direct us to enter you in a contest; sign you up for a service which is sponsored by one of our partners; you direct us to provide your information to a company we profiled when you "opt in" for their investor kit; you otherwise "opt in" to have your information shared with third parties; we respond to subpoenas, court orders or legal process; we find your actions on our Website violate our Terms of Use or any of our usage guidelines for specific products or services (and then only to pursue appropriate action); or we transfer your information in connection with a sale, merger, transfer, exchange, or other disposition (whether assets, stock or otherwise), of all or a portion of a business of frontline source group, inc. If, however, as a result of the business transfer your personal information will be used in a new and different manner, then you will have a choice as to whether to allow this new use. We will also collect information about aggregate Web site usage. Statistics that we gather about unique visits, repeat visits, and page views are all based on IP address, not on your individual activities. The information we gather is supplemented with information provided by third party sources and may be used to derive additional data from enhancing our databases. For example, zip code information you provide may be used to derive city and state information or may be used to add demographics data.

 **Changes to the Frontline Source Group Privacy Policy**

Frontline source group may amend this policy from time to time. If we make any substantial changes in the way we use your personal information we will notify you by posting a prominent notice in our privacy policy or in other locations on our Website or by sending you an email to inform you of our updated privacy policy. Users will have a choice as to whether or not we use their information in this different manner. However, if users have opted out of all communication with the Web site, or deleted/deactivated their account, then they will not be contacted, nor will their personal information be used in this new manner.

 **Contact information**

If users have any questions or suggestions regarding our privacy policy, please contact us at:

    [Email Company Contact](https://www.frontlinesourcegroup.com/contact.html)

    Frontline Source Group, Inc.  
    Corporate Address: 901 Main Street, Suite 4010, Dallas, TX 75202  
    Web Address: [www.FrontlineSourceGroup.com](https://www.frontlinesourcegroup.com/)
