> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the frontierairlines.com privacy policy that was archived on 2006-04-17. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20060417194339id_/http%3A//www.frontierairlines.com/privacyStmt.asp) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Frontier Airlines - Privacy Policy

Frontier Airlines respects your privacy and this privacy policy (“ **Privacy Policy** ”) is designed to assist you in understanding the collection, use, and safeguarding of information you may provide to Frontier Airlines, as well as ways to review and revise the information you provide. This Privacy Policy applies to customer information submitted via this web site as well as customer information submitted to Frontier Airlines through telephone and other traditional communications. **BY ACCESSING, BROWSING, USING THIS WEB SITE OR OTHERWISE SUBMITTING INFORMATION TO FRONTIER AIRLINES , YOU ACKNOWLEDGE THAT YOU HAVE READ, UNDERSTAND AND AGREE TO THE TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THIS PRIVACY POLICY AND ANY OTHER TERMS OF USE PUBLICLY PRESENTED BY FRONTIER AIRLINES. IF YOU DO NOT AGREE TO THESE TERMS AND CONDITIONS, PLEASE DO NOT SUBMIT THE INFORMATION DESCRIBED BELOW TO FRONTIER AIRLINES AND DISCONTINUE YOUR ACCESS TO OR USE OF THIS WEB SITE.**

  1. **Your Privacy Rights.** You may exercise an option to prevent Frontier Airlines from disclosing your personally identifiable information (as described in Section 2, below) to third parties for the third parties’ direct marketing purposes by emailing or calling Frontier Airlines at any time at the following email address or toll-free number: [info@flyfrontier.com](mailto:info@flyfrontier.com) or 1-800-265-5505.
  2.  **Types of Information Collected.** In order to better serve your travel needs and provide you with attentive and consistent customer service, Frontier Airlines may collect several types of information, including both personal and non-personal information as described below. The information Frontier Airlines collects depends on how you choose to use this web site and/or Frontier Airlines’ service offerings.
    * **Non- Personally Identifiable Information Collected.** This web site automatically tracks and collects certain information about your visit that does not generally identify you individually. Similar to other commercial websites, this web site uses standard web measurement and tracking technologies like “cookies,” (see explanation below, “Cookies”), web server logs, or other statistics programs, which keep records of traffic on the site. This data is generally anonymous information that does not personally identify you, e.g., "clickstream data," such as the domain name of the site providing you with Internet access, the Internet protocol (IP) address used to connect your computer to the Internet, your browser type and version, type of operating system and platform you use, the average user session length, the number of hits and pages viewed, top search engines and keywords, access times and other relevant statistics. Frontier Airlines and/or its web service provider use this information in the aggregate to measure the use of this web site and to administer the site. We also use this information to improve your online experience. “ **Cookies** ” are small pieces of information that a web site transfers to a visitor’s hard drive. Your World Wide Web browser may have an option that allows you to accept cookies, reject cookies, or receive notification when a cookie is sent, but you should note that the use of restrictive browser settings may limit the functionality available to your browser when using this web site. Any cookies and other Internet traffic tracking technologies utilized in connection with this web site are not designed to gather any personally identifiable information. In addition, this web site uses web beacons (also known as "action tags" or "one pixel .gif files"), provided by our advertising serving partner, to measure the effectiveness of, and otherwise manage, our online advertising. These web beacons enable our advertising server to recognize a browser's cookie when a browser visits this web site and to learn which banner ads bring users to this web site. Any information collected using these web beacons or action tags is not personally identifiable and unless otherwise notified, our advertising server does not link online actions to an identifiable person.
    *  **Personally Identifiable Information Collected.** Personally identifiable information about you is not collected unless you specifically provide it to Frontier Airlines. For example, when you make online or offline travel reservations or arrangements, register with our various travel and customer benefit programs (e.g., Early Returns frequent flyer program or our Business Travel program), purchase gift certificates, or bid on or purchase other merchandise from Frontier Airlines, you will be asked to provide certain personally identifiable information. The personal information we collect about you through such sources will vary, depending on the nature of the transaction and the information required to fulfill your request for our services, but may include, without limitation:
      * First and last name, home and email addresses, home and business telephone numbers, facsimile number, and/or other identifying information that permits Frontier Airlines to contact you
      * Travel information, including passenger name and the name of the person making the reservation, travel companion name(s), departure city and arrival city contact information (for unaccompanied minors), seating preferences, and/or specific dietary or medical needs
      * Payment information, including credit card number, card holder name, expiration date, and billing address, and
      * International travel information, including passport number, nationality, country of residence, and emergency contact information
      * Frontier Airlines travel and customer benefit programs participant information, including Early Returns account number, flight information, title, company name and EIN – taxpayer ID number (for Business Travel program participants)  

      * Travel agency name and contact information, IATA / ARC number
      * Information required to facilitate the use of flight status paging, third party email flight status notification, fare specials notification and similar services
  3. **Use of Information Collected.** Frontier Airlines uses personally identifiable information for the purposes for which it is submitted, including to complete transactions and fulfill services you have requested, as well as for reference in the event that we need to contact you when processing your requested transaction. Further, your personally identifiable information, including any email submissions and their content, may be used in connection with customer-relations correspondence and may be retained for use in evaluating and improving our customer-relations and assistance programs. We may share personally identifiable information you submit with our affiliates, as well as with unaffiliated third parties who perform services for Frontier Airlines or who otherwise are involved in the fulfillment of your service request (e.g., other airline carriers, lodging and travel accommodation companies, information systems maintenance and development providers, data archiving, customer communication and similar services). Frontier Airlines also may use this information to identify and develop products and services that may be of interest to you and/or share this information with certain third parties for direct marketing purposes with respect to special offers, products, services, programs, promotions, surveys, publications, invitations or other opportunities that may be of interest to you (for more information regarding such practices, see Section 1 “Your Privacy Rights,” above). Authorized parties with whom we may share your information are subject to terms similar in intent and purpose to those in this Privacy Policy. We do not sell individual customer names or other personally identifiable information to third parties and have no intention of doing so in the future. Except as otherwise described in this Privacy Policy, Frontier Airlines does not disclose or release your personally identifiable information to third parties; provided that, to the extent permitted by law, Frontier Airlines may use or disclose personally identifiable information: (a) for compliance purposes, such as immigration and customs control, security, and legal support; (b) in connection with legal requests from (i) government authorities or (ii) third parties pursuant to a subpoena or other legal process; (c) to perform payment verifications, debt reporting or collection, or to otherwise protect the rights or property of Frontier Airlines, its employees, customers, or end users; or (d) if we sell or otherwise transfer substantially all of our assets related to any web site that we own or operate and any product or service that we offer, in which event, we will require such third party to honor our current Privacy Policy, until the third party provides you with notice of changes to the Privacy Policy and permits you to exercise any rights you may have under applicable law to limit disclosures of information about you.
  4.  **Reviewing/Changing Personally Identifiable Information.** You can review and edit any of the personally identifiable information you have provided through this web site at any time by logging into your account.

Other requests for access to your personally identifiable information may be made by writing to: Attn. Customer Relations / Frontier Airlines, Inc. / 7001 Tower Road / Denver, CO 80249-7312

  5.  **Opting-Out.** You may opt-out of receiving communications about special offers or programs from Frontier Airlines or other information for which you subscribed by clicking on a link provided at the bottom of the email communication, by logging into your account and updating your email preferences, by emailing or contacting Frontier Airlines at any time at [info@flyfrontier.com](mailto:info@flyfrontier.com) or 1-800-265-5505.
  6.  **Security of Personally Identifiable Information.** Frontier Airlines takes reasonable precautions and has implemented reasonable technical measures intended to protect against the risks of unauthorized access to, erroneous disclosure of, and unlawful interception of personally identifiable information submitted to this web site, including the use of Secure Sockets Layer (SSL) encryption technology supported by most versions of Microsoft Internet Explorer, Netscape Navigator and other popular browsers. Once your information is received by Frontier Airlines, we use commercially reasonable efforts to limit access to personal information about you to those employees and service providers whom we determine need access to that information to provide the requested products or services and/or other offers or opportunities that may be of interest to you. However, please be aware that your email transmissions and/or other communications to Frontier Airlines containing personally identifiable information may be unlawfully intercepted or accessed by third parties and/or this web site may be subject to hostile network attacks or administrative errors. Accordingly, Frontier Airlines cannot and does not guarantee that your personally identifiable information is completely secure and safe from such risks.
  7.  **Third Party Sites**. This web site may contain links to other web sites. Frontier Airlines is not responsible for the collection, use or disclosure of information collected through third-party web sites and expressly disclaims any liability related to such collection, use or disclosure. Frontier Airlines is not responsible for the practices employed by web sites linked to or from this web site nor the information or content contained therein. Links to other web sites are provided solely as a convenience. Your browsing, use and interaction on any other web site, including web sites which have a link to this web site, are subject to that web site’s own rules and policies and Frontier Airlines recommends that you review the information collection practices of such sites before using them or providing them with information.
  8.  **Children’s Use of This Site**. Our site is not designed for or directed to children under the age of 13 and Frontier Airlines does not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from children under the age of 13. We recommend that children under the age of 13 be supervised by an adult while using the Internet and request that children under the age of 13 not provide any personally identifiable information to our web site.
  9.  **Consent; Changes to This Privacy Policy**. By accessing or using this web site or otherwise providing the information described above to Frontier Airlines, you consent to Frontier Airline’s collection and use of your information as described in this publicly available Privacy Policy. Frontier Airlines reserves the right, at any time and without notice, to add to, change, update or modify this Privacy Policy, simply by publicly posting such change, update or modification on this web site. Any such change, update or modification will be effective immediately upon public posting on this web site. By continuing to access, browse, use this web site or otherwise provide the information described above to Frontier Airlines, you acknowledge that you have read, understand and agree to the terms and conditions of this Privacy Policy, as amended.
  10.  **Further Questions**. If you have questions or concerns regarding this Privacy Policy or the collection and use of information submitted to Frontier Airlines, please direct your inquiries to [info@flyfrontier.com](mailto:info@flyfrontier.com).
  11.  **Miscellaneous**. This Privacy Policy shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of Colorado, other than such laws, rules, regulations and case law that would result in the application of the laws of a jurisdiction other than the State of Colorado. If any part of this Privacy Policy is determined to be invalid or unenforceable pursuant to applicable law, then the invalid or unenforceable provision will be deemed superseded by a valid, enforceable provision that most closely matches the intent of the original provision and the remainder of this Privacy Policy shall continue in force and effect. 



#### Last revised 2/14/2006
