> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the frontshipbroker.com privacy policy that was archived on 2012-09-28. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20120928014616id_/http%3A//frontshipbroker.com/Privacy_statement) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy statement

This website is designed to allow for individuals to shop online at Front Brokerage Group. Front Brokerage Group recognizes that it is critical for individuals to be confident that their privacy is protected when they visit our website. Front Brokerage Group privacy procedures regarding information collected from users of this website are consistent with the provisions of the Internet Security and Privacy Act. Below, what information is collected and how that information is used is described. This privacy policy only applies to this website. Front Brokerage Group does not collect any personal information about you unless you provide that information voluntarily. 

Information Collected When You E-mail this Website or Complete a Transaction During your visit to this website you may send Front Brokerage Group. Your e-mail address and the contents of your message will be collected. The information collected is not limited to text characters and may include audio, video, and graphic information formats included in the message. Your e-mail address and the information included in your message will be used to respond to you, to address issues you identify, to improve this website, or to forward you information as it relates to Front Brokerage Group Front Brokerage Group will not sell or otherwise disclose your e-mail address for any other purpose. You may also opt to complete a transaction/purchase while visiting our site. The information, including personal information, credit card information, etc. volunteered by you in completing the transaction is used by Front Brokerage Group only to process your transaction. 

Disclosure of Information Collected Through This Website  
The collection of information through this website and the disclosure of that information are subject to the provisions of the Internet Security and Privacy Act. Front Brokerage Group will only collect personal information through this website or disclose personal information collected through this website if the user has consented to the collection or disclosure of such personal information. The voluntary disclosure of personal information to Front Brokerage Group by the user, whether solicited or unsolicited, constitutes consent.
