> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the superwarehouse.com privacy policy that was archived on 2005-12-14. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20051214185533id_/http%3A//www.superwarehouse.com/custCare/privacy.cfm) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Customer Service: Customer Care: Privacy Policy

PRIVACY POLICY   
**Where you go and what you do**  
Data about your activity while here on this site is automatically provided to Super Warehouse when you sign on. For each visitor, our Web server automatically recognizes only your domain name, but not your e-mail address. We collect only the domain name, but not the e-mail address of visitors to our Web pages; we collect aggregate information on what pages consumers access or visit, how many visits we get, and information such as where visitors arrived from as far as other sites on the Internet or if they directly typed our website address into their browser. It is used by us for internal review in aggregate and non-personally-identifiable form. 

**Cookies**  
When you come to Super Warehouse or when you register with Super Warehouse, we create your personal profile, assign a personal identification number, then send this personal identification number back to your computer's hard drive in the form of a "cookie," which is a very small bit of code. A "cookie" is very small text file placed on your hard drive by a Web Page server. It serves as your personal identification card, and cannot be executed as code or deliver viruses. The use of cookies is an industry standard; you will find them at most major Web sites. Cookies make Web-surfing easier for you by saving your preferences while you're at our site. We never save passwords or credit card information in cookies. 

Cookies enable us to know more about your use of the site, and allow you to utilize some of our website's functionality, and correspond with us about your personal profile without having to fill out registration forms with information you've already provided. We use cookies to record session information, such as items that you added to your shopping cart and to conduct marketing tests on our Web pages. By showing how and when you use the site, cookies help us see which areas and products are popular and which are not. Many improvements and updates to the site are based on such data as total number of visitors and pages viewed. This information is most easily tracked with cookies. We use the information from cookies to provide services better tailored to our visitors' needs. 

The purpose of a "cookie" is to tell the server that you returned to that Web page. Of course, if you never register or leave personal information with Super Warehouse, then the server only knows that someone with your cookie has returned to the Web site. You are in charge of deciding whether we know anything about you. But the more you tell us about yourself, the more we can help you find information or products you want. 

Most browsers are initially set up to accept cookies. You can reset your browser to refuse all cookies or indicate when a cookie is being sent. However, note that some parts of the Super Warehouse website and its functionality and links will not function properly or may be considerably slower if you refuse cookies. For example, without cookies, you may have difficulty completing shopping transactions, entering giveaways, or creating your personal profile. You can order your browser to accept all cookies or to alert you every time a cookie is offered. Then you can decide whether to accept one or not. If you want to control which cookies your computer accepts, just follow the instructions for your particular Internet browser system located at <http://www.microsoft.com/term/privacy.htm>. 

**Your E-mail address**   
Your E-mail address and other personally identifying data about you is known to Super Warehouse only when you voluntarily submit it to Super Warehouse. We collect your e-mail address only if you post a message to us, if you communicate with us via e-mail, if you ask us to communicate with you by e-mail such as for a confirmation of your order or shipment advice, or if you volunteer it for any reason, such as survey information and/or site registration, or sign-up for a Newsletter, and if you started but did not complete an order. 

**Your E-mail address**   
If you begin to place an order from this website, and if you have at any time given us your e-mail address, we will use your e-mail address not only to communicate with you about the status of your order but also to send you our own e-mails regarding special sales, exclusive offers, and other valuable promotions that we think will interest you. 

Like many other online merchants, we participate in cooperative database services which assist us in the matching of offline and online purchasing behavior, and marketing analysis, so that participants can better analyze and understand the differences and tendencies of print catalog purchasers and website visitors, and so that we can maximize the benefit of postal mail and e-mail we send to you. This sharing of information allows us and other interested parties to make future marketing efforts more efficient. These cooperative database services and their participants, however, have no right to use your e-mail address to send you e-mail. At any time, the only person who will e-mail you is us. 

If you would prefer not to receive emails from us regarding special sales and exclusive offers, [Click Here. ](http://www.superwarehouse.com/custCare/email_optedOut.cfm)

**Personal Information Other Than Your E-mail Address**

 _Your California Privacy Rights_ Super Warehouse has a policy of not disclosing the personal information of our customers to third parties for their own direct marketing purposes if our customers have exercised their option to prevent that information from being disclosed to third parties for such purposes. 

If you have given us your telephone number, when registering your profile with us or when ordering merchandise from us, we may use your telephone number to reach out to you to follow up on your order of merchandise, including follow-up marketing. We do not share your telephone number with any outside parties for any purpose whatsoever. 

We indefinitely maintain all of the information you give to us to help serve you better and to understand our customers and their purchasing patterns over time. Any payment information that is maintained by us is masked to keep it protected in the unlikely event of unauthorized breaches of security. 

We do not share your name, address and purchase information with anyone. 

Lastly, we do not rent e-mail addresses to outside parties or allow any outside parties to use them for e-mailing purposes. 

**Correction of Your Personal Profile**   
You can always edit or correct any personal information you give Super Warehouse by writing to us at: [service@superwarehouse.com](maito:service@superwarehouse.com). 

**Shopping Analysis Provided by Third Party**   
Super Warehouse uses a third party data gathering and analysis service, which aggregates information into broad categories to help us provide you better products, services, and improved websites. We refer to them here as our "Data Compiler." Our Data Compiler is contractually bound to keep our visitors' and customers' data absolutely secure and confidential, and only to analyze the information it has access to by the software we license from it and return it back to Super Warehouse. They have no rights to use this information for any purpose, match it against any other information in its possession, nor transfer or disclose this information to anyone other than to Super Warehouse. 

**Customer Opt-out Choice for Tracking By Our Data Compiler**  
As a visitor to the Super Warehouse site, you have the option to deactivate the ability of our Data Compiler to analyze your web browsing and purchasing behavior. You also have the option to continue to benefit from the improved shopping experience which our Data Compiler enables us to provide to you, but maintain anonymity. Our Data Compiler is certified by TRUSTe and BBBOnline, and has adopted privacy guidelines set by the Federal Trade Commission. Super Warehouse relies on our Data Compiler and encourages you to learn more about our Data Compiler's Privacy Standards by [clicking here](http://www.websidestory.com/privacy/privacy-policy.html). For their opt-out standard, visit their opt-out page by [clicking here](http://www.websidestory.com/privacy/privacy-policy.html#7), where you will find detailed information on our Data Compiler's data collection and instructions for selecting the various levels of privacy and confidentiality that you desire, while still improving your Super Warehouse shopping experience. 

**Access by The Operator of Our Affiliates Program**  
As a visitor to the Super Warehouse site, you may have arrived here through a link on one of our affiliate sites. Our affiliates operate websites which they use to conduct a business or generate revenues, and Super Warehouse compensates its affiliates based upon any purchases made by an affiliate-linked visitor to the Super Warehouse site. The operator of our affiliates program, LinkShare, in providing its services to us, does not deal directly with our customers. A visitor who clicks on an Super Warehouse link located on an affiliate's website is redirected, invisibly, through the website of LinkShare, where its technology automatically records the IP "address" of the browser used by the visitor, but that address does not permit identification of the individual using the browser. In addition, during such redirection, LinkShare may place a "cookie" on the hard drive of the visitor's computer through his or her Web browser (See description of cookies above). LinkShare does not have access to data that identifies or permits the identification of any of Super Warehouse customers or visitors. The operator of our affiliates program encourages you to learn more about its privacy standards by [clicking here](http://www.linkshare.com/privacy.html). 

**Problems**  
If at any time you have a question or dispute concerning your visit here, your order transaction, or our compliance with this privacy policy, you may contact us at [service@superwarehouse.com](mailto:service@superwarehouse.com). Please provide your first and last name, order number, if any, and, if you have a question about our merchandise, item number(s), and we will get back to you promptly. If we are unable to resolve your complaint to your satisfaction, you may elect to proceed to submit your complaint to an independent arbitrator to obtain an impartial assessment of your case, in writing. Any such arbitration will be deemed "conditionally binding", meaning that the decision of the arbitrator will be binding upon Super Warehouse if you elect to accept the decision, and it will be binding upon you as well. If your dispute concerns our compliance with this privacy policy, and if we are unable to resolve your complaint to your satisfaction, you may elect to proceed with BBBOnLine"s Privacy Policy Review Service by completing the [BBBOnline complaint form](http://www.bbbonline.org/consumer/complaint.asp). 

**Security**   
The importance of security for all personally identifiable information associated with our customers and visitors is of utmost concern to us. We exercise great care in providing secure transmission of your information from your PC to our servers. Unfortunately, no data transmission over the Internet can be guaranteed to be 100% secure. As a result, while we strive to protect your personal information, Super Warehouse cannot ensure or warrant the security of any information you transmit to us or from our online products or services, and you do so at your own risk. Once we receive your transmission, we make our best effort to ensure its security on our systems. When your credit card information is transmitted to Super Warehouse, we use industry standard, SSL (secure socket layer) encryption to ensure the security of your information. We also have appropriate security measures in place in our physical facilities to protect against the loss, misuse or alteration of information that we have collected from you at Super Warehouse. Nothwithstanding the foregoing, due to the open nature of the internet, We do not guarantee the absence of theft, hacker activity, electronic or non-electronic tampering, or computer crime, and we hereby disclaim responsibility and liability for stolen information. 

**Disclaimer**  
The Privacy Policy adopted by Super Warehouse and all statements contained on this site about privacy and how we deal with data supplied by visitors to this site are not intended to be a contractual obligation of any kind and any such obligation is hereby disclaimed. These statements constitute the present policy of Super Warehouse as to which it will take reasonable measures to implement. Similarly this Privacy Policy is not intended to be "advertising" or "advertising claims." Rather it is intended to set forth our policy, including our practices and intentions about how we conduct our business. 

**Notice**  
We may change this Privacy Policy from time to time. All changes to this policy are effective after we provide you with at least thirty (30) days" notice of the changes by posting the changes here in Terms & Conditions for Use of Site and sending an e-mail to users who have provided us their e-mail address for this purpose. We provide you with thirty (30) days notice to give you the opportunity to notify us if you do not agree to the changes we highlight to you in our e-mail notice. Our e-mails will always remind you that you have the opportunity to inform us of your preferences, and will alert you how to inform us of your preferences by such e-mails and through this Privacy Policy. 
