> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the supercross.com privacy policy that was archived on 2014-05-20. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20140520123039id_/http%3A//supercross.com/privacy-policy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy Policy | Supercross.com

SX Interactive strives to maintain high standards for the protection of privacy over the internet. The purpose of our privacy policy is to explain to our visitors the type of information SX Interactive obtains from visitors to our website, how we gather it, how we use it, and how visitors can restrict the use or disclosure of personally identifiable information (“PII”). SX Interactive reserves the right to modify its privacy policy from time to time. Changes to the privacy policy will be posted on this website and the effective date of the policy will be modified to reflect the effective date of the most recent version. If a material change to our PII information practices occurs in the future, we will only use PII collected from the time of the policy change forward for these new purposes unless we have your consent.

The type of information we obtain from visitors to our website  
The personal information SX Interactive obtains about individual visitors to our websites is information the visitor supplies voluntarily. This means that you can visit our websites without telling us who you are or revealing any information about yourself. We may use web beacons (i.e., cookies) to track use of our sites and to track what sites users came from, but do not collect personally identifiable information via these web beacons.

The type of information we gather from our customers  
Personal information provided to SX Interactive by its customers will be used to create login names and passwords for SX Interactive products and services. Financial information that is provided to SX Interactive is used to verify you or your company’s identity, to pay for a product or service, or to bill you or your company for a product or service.

How we use the information we gather from our customers  
SX Interactive may use information from our customers to contact them in response to consumer-initiated inquiries, to provide services requested by the customer, to alert costumers to changes in services or features, and to provide customers with requested information regarding SX Interactive or our services. SX Interactive does not sell, rent, or lease information collected on this site to third party marketers. SX Interactive may share information collected in the following limited circumstances: (1) upon receipt of a properly authorized and authenticated governmental request for information; (2) in response to a subpoena or a court order; (3) to comply with relevant laws; (4) in response to an investigation of fraud regarding a specific costumer; or (5) in an effort to safeguard the person or property of a SX Interactive employee or a third party. Finally, SX Interactive may, in the future, decide to sell, merge or otherwise reorganize its business. SX Interactive reserves the right to transfer and disclose all information in this circumstance, but data collected by SX Interactive will be governed by the same privacy policy that existed prior to any change in business conditions unless you consent to the new privacy policy.

Updating your information  
Customers may access, correct, and update information they have provided to SX Interactive at info@SX Interactive.com or contacting our customer service department.

Consumer information managed by SX Interactive pursuant to a list management arrangement  
SX Interactive is in the business of managing email-recipient lists for its customers. Therefore, SX Interactive may receive PII from its marketing partners and use it to send relevant marketing content to those recipients. SX Interactive’s use of PII collected by third party marketing partners is limited to the uses allowed under the third party’s privacy policy previously agreed to by the consumer. SX Interactive will also share PII collected by third party marketing partners and managed by SX Interactive in the following circumstances: (1) upon receipt of a properly authorized and authenticated governmental request for information; (2) in response to a subpoena or a court order, (3) to comply with relevant laws; (4) in response to an investigation of fraud regarding a specific consumer; (4) if SX Interactive is sold or acquired; or (5) in an effort to safeguard the person or property of a SX Interactive employee or a third party. SX Interactive may, in the future, decide to sell, merge or otherwise reorganize its business. SX Interactive reserves the right to transfer and disclose PII in this circumstance.

Data Processing for European Union Residents  
The European Union (EU) maintains strict privacy laws. These rules differ significantly from US laws. To reconcile these differences, the US and the EU have created a Safe Harbor that defines mutually acceptable privacy operations. SX Interactive adheres to the Safe Harbor principals. For more information see www.export.gov/safeharbor. By providing information to SX Interactive, you acknowledge it operates in the United States and agree to (i) permit SX Interactive to transmit and use your information anywhere necessary, including across international boundaries, to affect the services and transactions provided by this Site; and (ii) that such use by SX Interactive shall be subject to the terms and conditions stated in this Privacy Statement and applicable Terms and Conditions.

Children’s Privacy  
SX Interactive places the highest value on the privacy of children. SX Interactive does not knowingly accept PII from children under the age of 13. SX Interactive’s web site, and its products and services, are not developed for or directed at children. Persons under the age of 18 are not eligible to do business with us.

Opt-out choice  
SX Interactive manages e-mail lists through its list management arrangements. Consumers may wish to remove themselves from specific marketing lists. As such, users may remove themselves from a specific list by utilizing the list-unsubscribe option that is present and available at the end of each e-mail. Moreover, consumers may elect not to receive advertisements from any SX Interactive advertiser at any time. To opt-out of email advertisements from all SX Interactive advertisers send your request to info@SX Interactive.com. We process all unsubscribe requests in a prompt fashion.

Right to contact via telephone  
By providing your contact name and telephone number on our website, you agree that your act constitutes an inquiry and/or application for purposes of the Amended Telemarketing Sales Rule (16 CFR 310 et seq.). Notwithstanding that your telephone number may be listed on the Federal Trade Commission’s Do-Not-Call List, we reserve the right to contact you via telemarketing in accordance with the Rule.

Security  
We endeavor to safeguard and protect our users’ information. When users submit information at the website or when our third party marketing partners transfer PII to us, such information is protected both online and offline. The servers in which we store PII are kept in a secure physical environment. SX Interactive has security measures in place to protect against the loss, misuse, and alteration of personal information under our control. Please be advised that, although we take reasonable technological precautions to protect your data, no data transmission over the Internet can be guaranteed to be completely secure. Therefore, SX Interactive cannot warrant that your information will be absolutely secure. Any transmission of data through our website is at your own risk. However, access to your information is strictly limited, and not accessible to the public.

Access  
Consumers wishing to review PII collected by SX Interactive on this site should write to SX Interactive attention Legal Department at the address listed below. SX Interactive may take reasonable steps to confirm the identity of the consumer in an effort to prevent identity theft. Consumers wishing to review PII managed by SX Interactive but collected on a third party site pursuant to the third party’s privacy policy should contact the third party company responsible for the collection of the consumer’s PII.

Your California privacy rights  
California Civil Code Section 1798.83 permits California residents who have provided PII to SX Interactive or its partners in list management arrangements to request certain information regarding SX Interactive disclosure of PII to third parties for their direct marketing purposes. Within thirty days of receiving such a request, we will provide a list of the categories of PII disclosed to third parties for third party direct marketing purposes during the immediately preceding calendar year, along with the names and addresses of these third parties. This request may be made no more than once per calendar year. We reserve our right not to respond to requests submitted other than to the address specified in this section. If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, please contact us at info@SX Interactive.com or in writing at:

SX Interactive  
26970 Aliso Viejo Parkway Suite #100 Aliso Viejo, CA 92656

**Cookies & 3rd Party Advertisements**

Google, as a third party vendor, uses cookies to serve ads on your site. Google’s use of the DART cookie enables it to serve ads to your users based on their visit to your sites and other sites on the Internet. Users may opt out of the use of the DART cookie by visiting the [Google ad and content network privacy policy](http://www.google.com/privacy_ads.html).

We allow third-party companies to serve ads and/or collect certain anonymous information when you visit our web site. These companies may use non-personally identifiable information (e.g., click stream information, browser type, time and date, subject of advertisements clicked or scrolled over) during your visits to this and other Web sites in order to provide advertisements about goods and services likely to be of greater interest to you. These companies typically use a cookie or third party web beacon to collect this information. To learn more about this behavioral advertising practice or to opt-out of this type of advertising, you can visit <http://www.networkadvertising.org/managing/opt_out.asp>.
