> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the supermarketgiveaways.com privacy policy that was archived on 2013-07-23. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20130723221810id_/http%3A//www.supermarketgiveaways.com/privacy.php) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# 

**SuperMarketGiveaways  PRIVACY POLICY**  
Last Modified March 14, 2011 

**We respect and protect your privacy.**

This Privacy Policy explains our policy regarding the collection, use and disclosure of your personal information. This policy may change, so please refer back to it periodically. By accessing SuperMarketGiveaways.com  (together with all sites owned or operated by SuperMarketGiveaways, collectively called the "Site") or using our services, you consent to our information practices set forth in this Privacy Policy. 

**How We Collect And Use Information:**

This Policy describes how we store and use the information you give us. Our registration form requests that you provide certain personal information.

Personal information means information that can be used to identify and contact you, specifically your name, e-mail address, telephone number, postal delivery address, profession, as well as other information when such information is combined with your personal information. We may use, sell or distribute certain individual personal information to other companies, including related interests or vendors so as to provide you with important offers.

When you register for any of our services, we ask you to provide us with personal information so that we can provide and personalize our services and marketing efforts. We use this personal information to process your registration, create your profile and to communicate with you regarding our service. Because email is an integral part of our services, your signup ensures that you'll receive information relative to your interests at the time of your enrollment, from both SuperMarketGiveaways and its partners. If you later wish to cease participation in this portion of our services, you may do so at any time by clicking the unsubscribe link to be found in all of our marketing emails, or you can submit your unsubscribe request at [http://supermarketgiveaways.com/unsub.php](http://supermarketgiveaways.com/unsub.php).

Please note that opting not to receive email does not exempt you from receiving administrative emails, which include but are not limited to, notices about membership status changes and alterations to our User Agreement.

Right to Sell/License Data: This Privacy Policy applies to consumers that have signed up on the SuperMarketGiveaways website, and/ or have submitted their email address through our affiliate network program and other co-marketing partnerships to promote our site. We may use the personal information that you supply to us and work with other third party businesses to bring selected retail opportunities to our members via direct mail, email, SMS text messaging, and telemarketing. These businesses may include providers of direct marketing services and applications, including lookup and reference, data enhancement, suppression and validation and email marketing. Part of our business model involves sharing personally identifiable information, such as name and address, with third-party marketing concerns. While we cannot control the practices of our advertisers and third-party marketers, we endeavor at all times to do business with reputable partners who also follow a best practices model regarding your privacy. All information provided to us by the users of this site may be used to support our suppression, validation and enhancement services to other marketing companies, advertising agencies, compilers and data companies. As an example, opt-out information may be shared with other marketing partners so that those users opting out of further offers are suppressed from the partner’s mailings or promotions, as well as our own. In addition to complying with our users’ preferences, it simply makes good business sense to mail only to those customers who have indicated a desire to receive such mailings. 

**OPT-IN NOTICE: By Participating, You Expressly "Opt In" To Receive Information And Grant Us Permission To Share Your Information:** Telemarketing: By accepting the terms and conditions of this website, providing your telephone number to participate, and selecting "Yes" to any question on the website promoting products or services, you are agreeing to potentially receive telemarketing calls by us or on behalf of our marketing partners or affiliated entities. Notwithstanding that your telephone number may be listed at the Federal Trade Commission’s Do-Not-Call List, you give us, our partners or affiliated entities the right to contact you via telephone and you expressly waive all federal and state no-call registrations. Complete terms and conditions of any offer are available from such marketing partners. Our partners or affiliated entities who may be contacting you via telephone currently include Achieve Card (re-loadable, prepaid debit card), Career Institute, Search4Degreees, Education Advance and Grants. 

SMS, Wireless and Other Mobile Offerings: This website, websites linking to this website, and websites linked from this website (collectively "We") may make available a service either directly or through third parties by which you can receive messages on your wireless device via short message service ("SMS Service"). Your provider's standard data and messaging rates apply to all SMS correspondence. All charges are billed by and payable to your mobile service provider. You represent that you are 18 years of age and the owner or authorized user of the wireless device on which messages will be received, and that you are authorized to approve the applicable charges. Data obtained from you in connection with this SMS Service may include your name, address, cell phone number, your provider's name, and the date, time, and content of your messages. The use of this information will be in accordance with this Mobile Policy. If fees are charged to your wireless account invoice, we may provide your carrier with your applicable information in connection therewith. Your wireless carrier and other service providers may also collect data about your wireless device usage, and their practices are governed by their own policies. You acknowledge and agree that the SMS Service is provided via wireless systems which use radios (and other means) to transmit communications over complex networks. We will not be liable for any delays in the receipt of any SMS messages, as delivery is subject to effective transmission from your network operator. SMS message services are provided on an AS IS basis. We do not guarantee that your use of the SMS Service will be private or secure, and we are not liable to you for any lack of privacy or security you may experience. You are fully responsible for taking precautions and providing security measures best suited for your situation and intended use of the SMS Service. You may opt out of the SMS Service at any time by replying "STOP", "END", or "QUIT" to the SMS text message you have received. This process impacts only the future delivery of the particular SMS message offering, so you must send that message for each offering. 

We also collect information such as the identification of the server your computer is logged onto and whether you responded to e-mail messages delivered to you on our behalf. We also may compare our member list to lists received from other companies, in an effort to avoid sending identical messages to our members. You can add and modify any of the information you have provided by following the instructions set forth below.

Cookies: A cookie is a small text file stored on a user’s computer for record-keeping purposes. We may use cookies to, among other things, save your password so you don't have to re-enter it each time you visit the website. Many web browsers are automatically set to accept cookies. You may change your browser settings to either reject cookies or notify you when a cookie is about to be placed on your computer. Please note, however, that rejecting cookies while visiting the website may result in certain parts of the website not operating correctly or as efficiently as if they were allowed. For example, you may need to enter your username and password each time you visit member's only areas. 

We also provide links to external advertisers and marketing partner companies; these sites may choose to use cookies to better promote their products and services. These advertisers and marketing partner companies have their own privacy procedures and policies that are not controlled by us.  We encourage our users to be aware of the individual privacy policies of every Web site that the user contacts. 

Clear Gif's (Web Beacons/Web Bugs): We may also use clear gif's (also known as web beacons or web bugs) to help us determine what content on our site is most effective. Clear gif's are tiny graphics with a unique identifier, similar in function to cookies, and are used to track the online movements of web users. We do not tie the information gathered by clear gif's to users’ personally identifiable information.

If you would like more information about cookies, clear gif’s and your choices, [click here](http://www.cookiecentral.com/faq/).

E-mail Links: In some instances we may include certain links in our e-mails that will allow us to monitor whether you access specific content or advertisements contained in that e-mail. When you click on one of these links, we will record that click and certain activities on the Web page associated with that link. We may use this information for various purposes, such as to conduct internal research on our users' demographics, interests, and behavior in and to our e-mail advertisements and content, and to better understand and serve you.

Links to Other Sites:  The Ssite contains links to sites operated by third parties whose policies regarding the handling of personal information may differ from ours. While we strive to associate with reputable sites, we cannot be responsible for the information handling practices of these other sites.

Children:  You must be 18 years of age or older to subscribe to or visit the Site.

  
**Disclosures:** We may disclose information about you and your use of our Site and Services if we believe such disclosure is reasonably necessary: (i) to comply with the law or legal process; (ii) to protect or defend the rights or property of us or others; (iii) to enforce the Website User Agreement or this Privacy Policy; and (iv) to respond to claims that the content(s) of a communication violates the rights of another. In addition we may share or transfer information about you and that you provide to us, to one or more third party entities pursuant to a sale, merger, assignment, joint venture or other transfer or disposition of a portion, or all of, the assets or stock of our company or its affiliated entities, or as otherwise provided herein. Except as otherwise provided herein, the information we collect from you is shared with our marketing partners. We also reserve the right to share any other additional information you provide us to our other third party marketing partners. 

**Security:** The Site has security measures in place intended to protect the loss, misuse and alteration of the information under our control. Our hardware infrastructure is housed in a controlled access facility that restricts access to authorized individuals with positive identification. Our network access to the infrastructure is protected by a firewall protection system. Member information is backed up on a periodic basis to protect against accidental loss. However, we cannot guarantee that communications between you and us will not be intercepted by others and that information stored on our servers will be free from unauthorized access. While we have taken reasonable precautions to protect this information, you should always use discretion in what information you send to us and not expect that such information will be absolutely free from intrusion.

**Changing Your Status:**  Users at any time may unsubscribe to our electronic mailings by following the instructions that we include at the end of every mailing or by going to [http://supermarketgiveaways.com/unsub.php](http://jobfitterusa.com.staging.corp.sb03.com/unsub.php). To correct, update or request that we delete information you provided, please contact us via mail at 4840 Forest Drive STE. 6-B PMB 338, Columbia, SC 29206., ATTN: Member Services.

  
**California Privacy Rights:** Beginning January 1, 2005 under California’s “Shine the Light” law, California residents who provide personal information in obtaining products or services for personal, family or household use are entitled to either (1) a list detailing the categories of information shared and the entities to which such information was provided; or (2) be notified of a mechanism by which a consumer may opt-out of having their information shared with third parties. We have elected the second option.

For California residents to opt out of having your information shared with third parties send your request including your full name, email address and postal address to: California Privacy Compliance, 4840 Forest Drive STE. 6-B PMB 338, Columbia, SC 29204. 

Updates: We may revise this Privacy Policy at any time in the future to (i) improve or modify the Service, (ii) reflect future developments in data information gathering, storing and release practices, (iii) comply with applicable laws, and (iv) reflect changes in business structure. Accordingly, you should review these terms and policy from time to time to check for updates. Your continued use of the Site shall evidence your acceptance of any changes.

DISCLAIMER OF WARRANTIES: THE SITE AND ANY PRODUCTS AND/OR SERVICES THAT YOU MAY RECEIVE FROM US OR ONE OF OUR THIRD PARTY PARTNERS ARE PROVIDED TO YOU ON AN “AS IS” AND “AS AVAILABLE” BASIS AND ALL WARRANTIES, EXPRESS AND IMPLIED, ARE DISCLAIMED TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMISSIBLE PUSUANT TO APPLICABLE LAW (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE DISCLAIMER OF ANY WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, NON-INFRINGEMENT OF INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY AND/OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE). 
