> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the supercleansystem.com privacy policy that was archived on 2018-12-17. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20181217151550id_/http%3A//www.supercleansystem.com/privacypolicy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy Policy - Super Clean System

  1. This Privacy Policy explains how information about you is collected, used and disclosed by Woggle Trading Limited (“Woggle”) when you use our Website at http://supercleansystem.com (“Website”), and Super PC Cleaner software (the “Product”). 
  2. By accessing our Website, you agree to the terms of the following Privacy Policy. 
  3. We may change this Privacy Policy from time to time. If we make changes, we will notify you by revising the date at the top of the policy and, depending on the specific changes, we may provide you with additional notice or require a renewed consent by adding a statement to our website’s homepage or sending you an email. We encourage you to review the Privacy Policy whenever you access our Website to stay informed about our information practices and the ways you can help protect your privacy. 
  4. We collect information you provide directly to us, request customer support, send us an email or otherwise interact with us. The types of information we may collect about you include your name, address, email address and any other information you choose to provide. 
  5. In addition, when you access or use our Website or Product, we automatically collect information about you, including: among others your IP Address, browser type, operating system version, GUID identification, customer configuration, the identification number of the hardware used by you, whether you are Administrator, or not, version of the operating system and service pack and whether your Windows operating system is 32 or 64 bit, some internal tracking identifiers known as “cookies” that we use to track downloads, installs, sales, and uninstalls, your using behavior of our Program and the type and number of files located by our Program in your PC. 
  6. We may use information about you for various purposes, including to: a) Provide, maintain, and improve our Product; b) Develop new services and products; c) Provide and deliver the Product you request and send you related information; d) Respond to your comments, questions and requests and provide customer service and support; e) Send you technical notices, updates, security alerts and support and administrative messages; f) Communicate with you about products, services, offers, promotions and events offered by Woggle and others, and provide news and information we think will be of interest to you; g) Personalize and improve our Services and provide tailored advertisements, content or features; h) Process and deliver contest entries and rewards; i) Monitor and analyze trends, usage, and activities in connection with our Services; j) Link or combine with information we get from others to help understand your needs and provide you with better service; and k) Carry out any other purpose for which the information was collected. 
  7. We may share information about you as follows or as otherwise described in this Privacy Policy: a) With vendors, consultants, and other service providers who need access to such information to carry out work on our behalf; b) In response to a request for information if we believe disclosure is in accordance with any applicable law, regulation, or legal process, or as otherwise required by any applicable law, rule or regulation; c) If we believe your actions are inconsistent with the spirit or language of our user agreements or policies, or to protect the rights, property and safety of Woggle or others; d) In connection with, or during negotiations of, any merger, sale of company assets, financing or acquisition of all or a portion of our business to another company; and e) With your consent or at your direction. 
  8. We also may share aggregated information or de-identified information, which cannot reasonably be used to identify you. 
  9. We may allow third parties to serve advertisements and provide analytics services in connection with our Website and Product. These entities may use cookies and other tracing technologies to collect information about your use of our Services, including your IP address, device identifiers, software and hardware information, browser information, time zone and usage information. This information may be used by Woggle and others to, among other things, analyze and track data, determine the popularity of certain content, deliver advertising and content targeted to your interests and better understand your activity on our Services. 
  10. Third-party ad serving and analytics technologies are integrated into our Product and Website, so if you do not want to be subject to these technologies, do not use or access our Product and Website. 
  11. Woggle takes reasonable measures to help protect information about you from loss, theft, misuse and unauthorized access, disclosure, alteration and destruction. 
  12. You may request to view the information collected about you by sending an email to [ [email protected] ](https://web.archive.org/cdn-cgi/l/email-protection#b0c3c5c0c0dfc2c4f0c3c5c0d5c2d3dcd5d1dec3c9c3c4d5dd9ed3dfdd) In case you do not want to share information with Woggle, please do not use the Website or Product – information collected about you prior to ceasing the use of the Website or Product will still be used by Woggle. 
  13. Most device browsers are set to accept cookies by default. If you prefer, you can usually choose to set your device browser to remove or reject browser cookies. Please note that if you choose to remove or reject cookies, this could affect the availability and functionality of certain features of our Product. 
  14. If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, please contact us at: [[email protected]](https://web.archive.org/cdn-cgi/l/email-protection#9deee8ededf2efe9ddeee8edf8effef1f8fcf3eee4eee9f8f0b3fef2f0). 


