> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the superantispyware.com privacy policy that was archived on 2019-02-23. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20190223003655id_/http%3A//www.superantispyware.com/privacy_policy.html) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# SUPERAntiSpyware - Privacy Policy

We collect Personal Information in a variety of ways, including when you subscribe to one of Our newsletters, download a trial version of a product, or receive a product or service from Us or one of Our distribution partners or from a service provider who licenses one of Our remote support systems, such as Support.com® Cloud. The type of information We collect may vary based on the way We interact with you. For example, if you sign up for a newsletter or download an evaluation version of Our software, We may only collect your name and email address. However, if you make a purchase from Us then We may also collect your credit card number over the phone, and we may collect your phone number and physical address in order to complete the purchase, verify your identity and deliver any physical products. We may combine information We have about you with information We obtain from business partners or other companies. If you provide Us with any Personal Information relating to other people, you represent that you have the authority to do so and to permit us to use the information in accordance with this Privacy Policy. 

We use Personal Information and Other Information to provide you with the products or services you have requested, process any payments you have agreed to for such products and services, contact you regarding specific products or services you have requested, provide other information you have requested from Us, customize advertisements or content you may see while using Our products or services, and, if you have agreed to receive special promotional offers from Us by email or otherwise, to contact you regarding such promotional offers. Support.com may also display or provide you with targeted content or promotional offers based on Personal Information; and from time to time We may use Personal Information to offer you products or services. We may also use Personal Information for other business purposes, such as data analysis, audits, fraud monitoring and prevention, developing new products, enhancing, improving or modifying Our services, identifying usage trends, determining the effectiveness of Our promotional campaigns and operating and expanding Our business activities. 

During your use of Our website, software and services, Our systems may also collect Other Information from your device and network that is not used to identify you, but is helpful in Our efforts to provide the features or services you have requested. This includes information such as the type of computer and processor you are using, which version of the operating system is installed, the configuration of your computer in terms of other application programs used, your computer's Media Access Control address, whether any security software is installed and if it is up-to-date, the names, makes and models of other devices on your network, and information on how you use Our products. For example, Support.com automatically receives and records information on Our server logs from your browser, including your IP address, Support.com cookie information, and the webpages you request. This is done as part of regular internet communication between a browser and a website. We use this information to provide the services and functions you request, and to improve Our product and service offerings in the future. We may use and disclose Other Information for any purpose, except where We are required to do otherwise under applicable law. If we are required to treat Other Information as Personal Information under applicable law, then we may use it for the purposes for which we use and disclose Personal Information as detailed in this Privacy Policy. 
