> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the supersonic.com privacy policy that was archived on 2017-06-21. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20170621232408id_/https%3A//www.supersonic.com/privacy-policy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy Policy - Supersonic

**IRONSOURCE MOBILE PRIVACY POLICY**

_Last updated: July 14, 2016_

ironSource is committed to respecting and protecting individuals’ privacy rights. This Privacy Policy (the “Privacy Policy”) describes how ironSource Ltd. and its subsidiaries (collectively “ironSource” or “we”, “us”, “our”) uses end users (“you” or “your”) information when you view ads served by platforms and services operated by ironSource Mobile Ltd. on third party websites or mobile apps (the “Services”).

Please read this Privacy Policy carefully. This Privacy Policy provides you with information on how we collect, use and/or share the information we obtain from you. This Privacy Policy applies to the Services and does not apply to any other ironSource products or services, or to any content or privacy practices on any websites or mobile apps not owned and operated by us that may be available as part of, linked to, from or in conjunction with the Services.

We may need to change this Privacy Policy from time to time in order to address new issues and to reflect changes to the Services or the applicable law. We reserve the right to revise or make any changes to this Privacy Policy in our sole discretion, and your continual use of the Services subsequent to any changes to this Privacy Policy shall conclusively mean that you accept such changes. You can tell when this Privacy Policy has been updated by checking the effective date posted on the top of this page.

BY ACCESSING AND/OR USING THE SERVICES, YOU CONSENT TO OUR USE OF ANY INFORMATION THAT YOU PROVIDE TO US OR THAT WE COLLECT FROM YOU IN ACCORDANCE WITH THIS PRIVACY POLICY. IF YOU DO NOT AGREE TO THIS PRIVACY POLICY, DO NOT ACCESS AND/OR USE THE SERVICES.

### CHILDREN’S PRIVACY POLICY (COPPA)

The Services are not directed to children under the age of 13 and children under the age of 13 should not use any portion of the Services. ironSource also does not knowingly collect or maintain personal information collected online from children under the age of 13, to the extent prohibited by the Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act. Nor do we knowingly create profile segments of children under 13 years of age. If you believe your child has provided us with information that is covered by the Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act, or has registered with our Website, please contact us at [legal@ironsrc.com](mailto:legal@ironsrc.com)and we will make reasonable attempts to have the data purged from our records.. The Services may link to other websites or mobile apps. Please be advised that we are not responsible for the privacy practices of such other websites or mobile apps as those may have different privacy policies and terms of use and are not associated with us. You agree that we cannot control these websites and/or mobile apps and we shall not be responsible for any use of such websites and/or mobile apps.

### INFORMATION WE COLLECT AND USE, INFORMATION SHARING AND DISCLOSURE

**INFORMATION WE COLLECT AND USE**  
When you view an ad served by our Services on a website or mobile app or prior to that, when such website or mobile app send a request for an ad to us, we may collect information about your device or the ad that you have viewed. Such information may include device type (including manufacturer and model), operating system, IP address, Android advertising identifier and/or IDFA, as applicable, the time-zone and language set by the device, the mobile carrier, the type of the internet connection used by the device, the free space currently available on the device, and other statistical and technical information. Certain versions of our Services may collect location information based on the geo-location of your device, if location services have been enabled for the mobile app or website that uses our Services; We also collect some or all of the following information about the ad you have viewed: the ad type; the ad content; the location of the ad being served and certain post click information in relation to the ad. On occasion, our publishers or developers may also disclose to us information they have separately collected about you including, but not limited to, your gender, and the date on which you signed up to the publisher’s or developer’s services. This information is provided in accordance with their own specific privacy policies and subject to their own applicable legal requirements. We collect and use this information to operate, measure and improve the Services over time, provide you with the requested services, respond to your inquiries, and protect our rights or property.

CORPORATE AFFILIATES. We may use services and/or features developed by our corporate affiliates, when you use these services and/or features information about you may be collected by them. You hereby consent to our collection and use of such information.

INFORMATION YOU PROVIDE US. When you send us emails, contact our technical support or when we offer advertising solutions that include the collection of your email address as part of an advertisement, you are communicating with us voluntarily. You agree to receive electronic communication from us and that all communications that we provide to you electronically satisfy any legal requirement that such communications be in writing. You also agree that we may keep record of your correspondence with us and that we may use any information you provide to us voluntarily to improve the Services or otherwise at our sole discretion. Your correspondence may include personal information should you chose to provide it to us.

ADDITIONAL FEATURES. We are always seeking to improve the Services. Therefore, we may introduce new features, some of which may result in the collection of additional information from you. If we start collecting additional types of personal information and materially change how we handle such information, we will modify this Privacy Policy and notify you in accordance with Section 7 (Changes to This Privacy Policy).

**INFORMATION SHARING AND DISCLOSURE**

We may share the information we collect with our advertisers, developers and publishers. We may also share your information in the event that we have a good faith belief that disclosure is permitted by law or is reasonably necessary to: (i) comply with the law, a legal requirement or process, including without limitation, subpoenas, court orders, or other compulsory disclosures, or to establish, maintain or exercise our legal rights; (ii) enforce this Privacy Policy; (iii) investigate, prevent, or take action regarding suspected or actual illegal activities or violation of third party rights; or (iv) protect our rights. In addition, in the event that we undergo a bankruptcy, merger, acquisition, reorganization or sale of assets, your information may be one of the assets sold or transferred.

SERVICE PROVIDERS. We may employ third parties to provide us with maintenance, analysis, audit, and development services with respect to the Services and in such instances we may provide your information to such third parties. We currently use Amazon Web Services, Inc. servers to process your information. You can read about the measures taken by Amazon Web Services, Inc. to protect the security of their servers and your information at: <http://awsmedia.s3.amazonaws.com/pdf/AWS_Security_Whitepaper.pdf>. We also use Forensiq’s and PerimeterX’s services with respect to some of our Services to detect and prevent fraud. You can read their privacy policies at: <https://forensiq.com/privacy-policy/#service-privacy> and https://www.perimeterx.com/privacy.

THIRD PARTIES. Among other things, we operate a service that enables the operators of a mobile app to manage and allow third parties to serve campaigns on such mobile app, and to collect information about the users of such mobile app for the purposes agreed between such third parties and the operators of such mobile app. Please be advised that we are not responsible for the privacy practices of such other third parties or mobile apps as those may have different privacy policies and terms of use and are not associated with us. You agree that we cannot control these third parties and/or mobile apps and we shall not be responsible for any use of such websites and/or mobile apps.

DATA TRANSFER. We may transfer your information and process it on servers outside your country of residence. If your country of residence is part of the European Union or the European Economic Area, please note that we will transfer your data outside of the European Union or the European Economic Area.

We use cookies and pixels as part of the Services. Cookies are text files (usually very small) that we place on your device. A pixel is a small amount of code on a web page that allows transmission of information and placement of cookies. We use cookies and pixels to operate the Services, analyze their performance, detect and address technical issues, and improve the Services. In case you choose to disable cookies on the Services, you may do this by disabling cookies in your browser.

We have implemented reasonable security safeguards designed to protect your personal information. Nevertheless, as the Internet is not a 100% secure environment, we cannot guarantee the security of any information that you transmit to us. There is no guarantee that information on our servers may not be accessed, disclosed, altered, or destroyed by breach of our safeguards.

### DELETING YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION

We have implemented reasonable security safeguards designed to protect your personal information. Nevertheless, as the Internet is not a 100% secure environment, we cannot guarantee the security of any information that you transmit to us. There is no guarantee that information on our servers may not be accessed, disclosed, altered, or destroyed by breach of our safeguards.
