> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the superpages.com privacy policy that was archived on 2014-06-29. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20140629061929id_/http%3A//www.superpages.com/about/privacy.html) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Superpages.com - Privacy Policy

Dex One Service, Inc. ("Dex One") and SuperMedia Inc. ("SuperMedia") and any company that directly or indirectly controlled by, or under common control with Dex One or SuperMedia (collectively, "Dex Media") respects your right to privacy, and we want you to be aware of how we collect and handle information on each website and mobile application covered by this policy.

PLEASE READ THE FOLLOWING POLICY CAREFULLY BEFORE USING THIS WEBSITE. THIS PRIVACY POLICY APPLIES ONLY TO THE USER PRIVACY OF DEXMEDIA.COM , SUPERPAGES.COM, LOCALSEARCH.COM, SUPERGUARANTEE.COM, DIRECTORYSTORE.COM, SHIELDPOWER.COM, EVERYCARLISTED.COM, SHESGOTWHEELS.COM, FREEGRADER.COM, HOWFINDABLEAREYOU.COM, M.SUPERPAGES.COM, WAP.SUPERPAGES.COM, DEXKNOWS.COM, M.DEXKNOWS.COM, DEXPAGES.COM, DEXCUSTOMWEBSITES.COM, ACCOUNT.DEXKNOWS.COM, DEXKNOWSWHITEPAGES.COM, DEXONENATIONAL.COM, AND M.EVERYCARLISTED.COM WEBSITES AND MOBILE APPLICATIONS, (each, "This Website", as applicable). **It does not apply to the offline activities of Dex Media or any of its affiliates or third parties. It also does not apply to any third party, including through any application or content that may link to or be access from this Website. By visiting the Websites (as defined in the Terms of Use), you are acknowledging and accepting this Privacy Policy. Your continued use of the Websites after changes have been posted to the Privacy Policy will constitute your acceptance of such changes.**

### Privacy Policy Effective Date / Updates

This Privacy Policy is effective as of April 2, 2014. Our business changes constantly. Our Privacy Policy will change also, and information collected through This Website is subject to the Privacy Policy in effect at the time the information is collected (unless you consent otherwise as to information related to you). You are advised to check this web page (or such other page accessible by clicking on the Privacy Policy link in the footer of This Website) frequently to see recent changes. Dex Media will notify users of any changes to this Privacy Policy by posting the version of the Privacy Policy containing such changes on this web page (or such other page accessible by clicking on the Privacy Policy link in the footer of This Website).

## Information Dex Media and Non-Dex Media Family Companies Collect, Store, and/or Share

### What information does This Website gather, store and/or share?

When you visit This Website, Dex Media may collect, store and/or share the following types of information: 

  * Personally Identifiable Information You Knowingly Provide
  * Personally and Non-Personally Identifiable Information Dex Media Collects Automatically
  * Non-Personally Identifiable Information You Knowingly Provide 



_Personally Identifiable Information You Knowingly Provide_. Dex Media collects and may store and share personally identifiable information that you knowingly provide to us. For example, Dex Media may ask you to provide personally identifiable contact information (such as name, address, e-mail address and telephone number). Dex Media will not share credit card information or social security numbers. If you purchase a product or service, Dex Media may ask you to provide additional information such as your credit card information. If you register for the SuperGuarantee® Program, Dex Media will ask you to provide additional information about any service appointment you register and may track your searches and any registrations, claims and ratings/reviews you file on This Website. If you file a claim under the SuperGuarantee® Program or apply for the Superpages LocalServe® Program, Dex Media may ask you to provide additional information such as your Social Security number. If you request information relating to the sale or purchase of a vehicle on This Website, we may ask you to provide personally identifiable contact information and information relating to the vehicle. Finally, in some cases (for example, if you register with us or sign-in on This Website or purchase a product or service) Dex Media may also ask you to provide other information such as a personal ID, password, security question and answer, and birthday.

If you choose to use an available referral service on This Website (e.g., to send a postcard, listing, page link, contest invitation, etc.), we will ask for certain personal information from the recipient (e.g., the recipient's name, e-mail address, mobile telephone number) and your name and e-mail address. Dex Media uses the personally identifiable referral information you provide to facilitate this communication on a one-time basis, and may also store and use such personally identifiable information for analysis purposes (e.g., tracking the success of the referral feature). You are responsible for the accuracy and completeness of all personally identifiable information that you knowingly provide.

_Personally and Nonpersonally Information Automatically Collected._. In addition, as you (and other users) browse This Website, our web servers, and non “Dex Media Family” companies with which Dex Media has an agreement may, automatically collect and track certain information about such visits, usually through the use of browser [cookies](http://www.superpages.com/about/privacy.html#Cookies), JavaScript files and tagging, web address tracking codes, file impression counts, "web beacons", and the analysis of http headers (“Tracking Methods”). These Tracking Methods provide information such as the user's IP address, the user's domain name, the user's browser type, the user's user agent, how many users visit This Website, which pages the user visits and for how long, the date and time the user accesses This Website, the Internet address of the site from which the user directly linked to This Website and the links on This Website on which the user clicks. In addition, Dex Media may collect certain search parameters relating to searches conducted by the user which are not entered by the user.

Dex Media may collect and store information, including personally identifiable information, related to your usage of third-party sites that you access through the Websites, including emails that you send through the Websites. 

_Non-Personally Identifiable Information You Knowingly Provide_. In some cases, we may also collect non-personally identifiable information that you provide, such as search parameters in connection with a search you conduct through This Website, ratings and reviews, and zip code. 

To improve the services we can offer you, we may decide to expand This Website's capabilities for obtaining information about users in the future. We will update this Privacy Policy as our practices change to ensure that you are aware of developments in this area. 

### How does Dex Media use, store and share information collected on This Website?

_Specific Purpose_. When users supply personally identifiable information about themselves for a specific purpose (for example, to register to use a feature on This Website, to purchase a product or service, to obtain a free listing, to register for a program or to use a feature of a program, to receive information, or to apply for a job), we may use, store, and/or share such information for such purpose.

_Similar to Information Collected in Traditional Non-Electronic Manner_. We also may use, store and/or share personally identifiable information users provide as we would use, store and/or share the same information obtained in a traditional non-electronic manner. For example, we may use such personally identifiable information to assess your credit rating. We may also use store and/or share this information to publish your name, address, and phone number in our directories (unless you have requested a non-published number), to contact you in connection with a program you are participating in, user reviews and/or to evaluate your service needs, and to contact you regarding additional services you may find useful. When users provide personally identifiable information in connection with a feature on This Website, we may also use, store and/or share such personally identifiable information in connection with the operation of such feature. (For example, if you register to use the personalized directory service, we may use the personally identifiable information you provide to provide you with a more personalized and useful service, and if you create a review of a business on This Website, we may publish your initials, city and state in connection with such review.) When users provide personally identifiable information in connection with a contest, sweepstakes or other promotion that we may run on This Website, we may use, store and/or share such information to administer such contest, sweepstakes or promotion and to notify winners. 

_Communicate with You_. We may also use, store and/or share personally identifiable information you provide or that is automatically collected to communicate with you (e.g., to send you e-mails) and to otherwise serve you. For example, we may use your name and e-mail address to send you e-mails to (a) provide information regarding our company, marketing information about our products and services or the products and services of other companies, and newsletters, (b) conduct online surveys, (c) confirm your registration on This Website, a service registration, or orders placed online and (d) otherwise communicate with you. However, you may request not to receive (i.e., "opt-out" of receiving) commercial e-mail messages (the primary purpose of which is the commercial advertisement or promotion of a commercial product or service) from us (on a category-by-category basis), by clicking on [Update Your Email Preferences](http://account.dexmedia.com/customersupport/contactus/opt/opt.jsp) (or otherwise visiting the e-mail campaign opt-out page), and following the directions provided on the e-mail campaign opt-out page. If you have previously opted out of receiving commercial e-mail messages related to one or more categories, you may cancel your request to opt-out of (i.e., consent to receive commercial e-mail messages from us related to) such categories (on a category-by-category basis) by clicking on [Update Your Email Preferences](http://account.dexmedia.com/customersupport/contactus/opt/opt.jsp) (or otherwise visiting the e-mail campaign opt-out page), and following the directions provided on the e-mail campaign opt-out page. Please note that we reserve the right to send certain types of e-mail messages that are not subject to opt-out (see information about [e-mails](http://www.superpages.com/about/privacy.html#email), below) to online users, including those who have opted out of receiving commercial e-mail messages. Your personally identifiable information may also be used, stored and/or shared by non-“Dex Media Family” companies, with which we have agreements, to provide you information about their products and services.

_Protect Dex Media’s Property or Other Rights_.In addition, Dex Media may use, store and/or share personally identifiable information you provide and information Dex Media automatically collects through this website (and may combine personally identifiable information you provide with information Dex Media automatically collects through This Website and non-personally identifiable information you knowingly provide) as it deems appropriate to protect its property or other rights (for example, to enforce any policies or contractual provisions regarding use of the "ratings and reviews" feature or the "send a listing" feature). 

_Improve Website and Targeted Advertising_. We use, store and/or share information Dex Media automatically collects through This Website to improve This Website, to monitor its performance, to make This Website easier for you and other users to use, to manage features and programs made available through This Website and to provide behavioral tracking data to non-“Dex Media Family” companies, with which we have agreements, for the purpose of presenting you with, among other things, targeted advertising on third party websites. For example, Dex Media may use information Dex Media automatically collects in the ways described in the section entitled ["What is a cookie and why does Dex Media use them?"](http://www.superpages.com/about/privacy.html#Cookies), below.

_Mobile Advertising._ We use information Dex Media automatically collects through the Mobile Products to improve our mobile products, to monitor its performance, to make Mobile Products easier for you and other users to use, to manage features and programs made available through Mobile Products. [Click here](http://m.superpages.com/termsOfUse) to view the Mobile Privacy Policy. 

### Can I review and request changes to personally identifiable information that I provide through registration forms on This Website?

_Create and Update Profile_. If you use an available capability on This Website to register with us and create a profile, at any time after you register and create a profile, you may review and request changes to any personally identifiable information you provided through the registration form, by viewing and updating your profile within the application. If you use an available capability on Mobile Products to register with us, you may review and request changes to any personally identifiable information you provided through my.superpages.com. 

_Opt-Out of Receiving Commercial E-Mail Messages_. In addition, (i) you may request not to receive (i.e., "opt-out" of receiving) commercial e-mail messages from us (on a category-by category basis), by clicking on [Update Your Email Preferences](http://account.dexmedia.com/customersupport/contactus/opt/opt.jsp) (or otherwise visiting the e-mail campaign opt-out page), and following the directions provided on the e-mail campaign opt-out page, and (ii) if you have previously opted out of receiving commercial e-mail messages related to one or more categories, you may cancel your request to opt-out of (i.e., consent to receive commercial e-mail messages from us related to) such categories (on a category-by-category basis) by clicking on [Update Your Email Preferences](http://account.dexmedia.com/customersupport/contactus/opt/opt.jsp) (or otherwise visiting the e-mail campaign opt-out page), and following the directions provided on the e-mail campaign opt-out page. Please note that we reserve the right to send certain types of e-mail messages that are not subject to opt-out (see information about [e-mails](http://www.superpages.com/about/privacy.html#email), below) to online users, including those who have opted out of receiving commercial e-mail messages. 

### Do you sell or provide my information collected through This Website to companies outside of the "Dex Media Family?"

_Information Provided by You_. Except as otherwise disclosed in this policy, we do not sell or disclose personally identifiable information you provide to us through This Website to anyone outside of the "Dex Media Family" unless (i) you specifically authorize it, (ii) it is to complete a transaction, service or activity that you initiated or requested, (iii) it is to provide a service on behalf of Dex Media (for example, Dex Media may contract with an entity outside of the "Dex Media Family" to send e-mail messages on behalf of Dex Media), in which case such non- "Dex Media Family" entities are not permitted to use such information for any purpose other than to provide such service, (iv) it is to assess your credit ranking or report your failure to fulfill your payment obligations in connection with the purchase of (or application to purchase) products or services through This Website, (v) it is required by law or we believe that such action is necessary in order to conform to the edicts of the law, (vi) we believe that disclosure is necessary to protect our rights and/or to comply with a judicial proceeding, court order or legal process served, (vii) we believe that disclosure is necessary to protect the safety of customers, employees or property, or (viii) Dex Media transfers all or substantially all of its assets to another entity (in which case Dex Media may disclose, sell and/or otherwise provide personally identifiable information to such entity). If you provide personally identifiable information to us in the context of an event Dex Media sponsors on This Website with another company, such as a contest, or if you register on a co-sponsored section or feature of This Website, you may also be providing such personally identifiable information to the co-sponsor. When you provide your personally identifiable information to any third party, Dex Media is not responsible for any third party's use of such personally identifiable information.

_Information Automatically Collected_. As indicated above, Dex Media may share information it automatically collects through This Website with non-"Dex Media Family" companies in order to assess the results of a promotion, event or third party relationship, to provide information to current or prospective customers, to complete a transaction, service, search or other activity that the user initiated or requested, to non-“Dex Media Family” companies, with which we have agreements, to, among other things, facilitate targeted advertising on third party websites, or to otherwise enhance your online experience. For example, we may provide information Dex Media automatically collects: 

  * When you link to another site from This Website. 
  * When you request certain information that Dex Media obtains from a third party. 
  * When we host co-branded versions of This Website (or portions of This Website). Our co-branded websites may also contain clear .gif files (electronic images that allow This Website to automatically collect information about your visit to the website). 



When we use third party tracking services to help us analyze automatically collected information in the aggregate to evaluate the effectiveness of This Website, the third parties performing such tracking services are not permitted to use the information for any other purpose.

Finally, we may also disclose information Dex Media automatically collects to non-"Dex Media Family" companies or entities if (a) it is required by law or we believe that such action is necessary in order to conform to the edicts of the law, (b) we believe that disclosure is necessary to protect our rights and/or to comply with a judicial proceeding, court order or legal process served, (c) we believe that disclosure is necessary to protect the safety of customers, employees or property, or (d) Dex Media transfers all or substantially all of its assets to another entity (in which case Dex Media may disclose, sell and/or otherwise provide information Dex Media automatically collects to such entity). 

Please note that Dex Media may support features and content appearing on other companies' sites that you may visit. These companies may collect information about you, but Dex Media does not have control over the privacy practices of these companies. If you are visiting a site that indicates that it is "powered by superpages.com", or if you [link to another site](http://www.superpages.com/about/privacy.html#doyouaccommodate) from This Website, you are advised to read the privacy policy of that site for its policies regarding information collection and usage. 

### Do you sell my information collected through Mobile Products to companies outside of the "Dex Media Family?"

Except as otherwise disclosed in this policy, we do not sell or disclose personally identifiable information you provide to us through our Mobile Website to anyone outside of the "Dex Media Family" unless (i) you specifically authorize it, (ii) it is to complete a transaction, service or activity that you initiated or requested, (iii) it is to provide a service on behalf of Dex Media, in which case such non- "Dex Media Family" entities are not permitted to use such information for any purpose other than to provide such service, (iv) it is required by law or we believe that such action is necessary in order to conform to the edicts of the law, (v) we believe that disclosure is necessary to protect our rights and/or to comply with a judicial proceeding, court order or legal process served, (vi) we believe that disclosure is necessary to protect the safety of customers, employees or property, or (vii) Dex Media transfers all or substantially all of its assets to another entity (in which case Dex Media may disclose, sell and/or otherwise provide personally identifiable information to such entity). [Click here](http://m.superpages.com/termsOfUse) to view the Mobile Privacy Policy 

### How long do you retain my information collected through This Website?

Information that you provide to us on This Website will be retained in accordance with Dex Media's Records Management and Retention Policy and applicable laws. 

### Do you accommodate links to other sites?

Yes. This Website contains links to other sites. These other sites may, among other things, allow you to bid on and/or purchase products that you initially viewed on This Website. These other sites may (or may not) be "co-branded" or "private-labeled" with (or otherwise contain) the Dex Media® name and logo, Superpages®, Superpages.com®, Localsearch.comSM, SuperGuarantee®, SuperpagesDirect®, SuperpagesMobile®, DirectoryStore®, SuperYellowPages.com®, SuperTradeExchange®, EveryCarListed.com®, Dex®, Dex One®, Dex Media™, DexKnows®, DexKnows.com®, How Findable Are You?™ trademarks or other trademarks or branding of Dex Media. **You can tell if you have linked from one site to another site by looking at the URL in the browser window (or, if the link opens a new browser window, by looking at the URL found by "right-clicking" on the page in the window and selecting "properties"). If the second level domain of the URL for the page containing the link is different than the second level domain of the URL for the page to which you have linked, you have linked to a different site. For example, if you link from a page located at the URL www.thirdleveldomain.superpages.com to a page located at the URL www.superpages.secondleveldomain.com, you have linked to another website. Please note that any of Dex Media's trademarks or service marks (e.g., Superpages®, Superpages.com®, Localsearch.com SM, SuperGuarantee®, Superpages®, Superpages.com®, Localsearch.comSM, SuperGuarantee®, SuperpagesDirect®, SuperpagesMobile® DirectoryStore®, SuperYellowPages.com®, SuperTradeExchange®, EveryCarListed.com®, Dex®, Dex One®, Dex Media™, DexKnows®, DexKnows.com®, How Findable Are You?™) may be included in the URL of a co-branded or private label site that is owned and operated by another company, in a location other than that occupied by the second level domain (e.g., as the third level domain).** Other companies that own or operate these sites may track and/or collect information about you, but Dex Media does not have control over the privacy practices (including, without limitation, those relating to tracking user activity, collection of user data, use of user data, and security) of these companies (although, when a user activates a link from This Website to one of these other sites, Dex Media may pass the user's referral URL and IP address to the server hosting such other site). We are not responsible for the privacy policies or practices (including, without limitation, those related to tracking, collection, use and security) employed by other companies (or in connection with sites of other companies), and we are not responsible for the content on, or operation of, sites of other companies (including, without limitation, any transactions conducted through such sites). We are committed to safeguarding customer privacy on This Website. **If you are visiting a site via a link on This Website, you are advised to read the privacy policy of such other site for its policies regarding information tracking, collection, usage and security.**

Dex Media may, however, host (or contract with third parties to host) website advertising linked to This Website (the "Dex Media-Hosted Website Ad(s)"). If you provide personally identifiable information while visiting any Dex Media-Hosted Website Ad, you will also be providing the personally identifiable information to the advertiser (and advertiser and/or Dex Media may be automatically collecting information while you visit any Dex Media-Hosted Website Ad). In addition, Dex Media may share information which is automatically collected while you visit any Dex Media-Hosted Website Ad with non-"Dex Media Family" companies in order to complete a transaction that you initiated or to assess and report the results of the ad. Dex Media is not responsible for the privacy practices employed by the advertiser. **If you are visiting a Dex Media-Hosted Website Ad via a link on This Website, you are advised to read the privacy policy of such Dex Media-Hosted Website Ad for its policies regarding information tracking, collection, usage and security.**

### Does Dex Media combine personally identifiable information provided through This Website by users of This Website with offline information about such users?

If and when Dex Media intends to combine personally identifiable information you provide through This Website with offline information about you, this intent will be clearly stated. You will then have the ability to choose not to have that information combined.

###  Information Third Party Vendors May Collect, Store, and/or Share 

Non "Dex Media Family" companies with which Dex Media has an agreement may implement Tracking Methods as stated previously in this policy. Tracking Methods may be used for geographically target advertising, online behavior studies and improving the effectiveness and quality of our online advertising 

Google Analytics: Google Analytics may be enabled to collect data about your traffic via the DoubleClick cookie in addition to data collected through the standard Google Analytics implementation. Dex Media will not facilitate the merging of personally-identifiable information with non-personally identifiable information previously collected from Display Advertising features that is based on the DoubleClick cookie unless it has robust notice of, and your prior affirmative (i.e., opt-in) consent to that merger. 

  * The Google Analytics features will be implemented based on Display Advertising (e.g., Remarketing, Google Display Network Impression Reporting, the DoubleClick Campaign Manager integration, or Google Analytics Demographics and Interest Reporting). 
  * Using the [Ads Settings](https://www.google.com/settings/ads), you can opt-out of Google Analytics for Display Advertising and customize Google Display Network ads. Please visit Google Analytics' [currently available opt-outs](https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout/) for the web 
  * Dex Media may use Remarketing with Google Analytics to advertise online.
  * Google may show Dex Media ads on sites across the Internet.
  * Dex Media and Google also uses first-party cookies (such as the Google Analytics cookie) and third-party cookies (such as the DoubleClick cookie) together to inform, optimize, and serve ads based on someone's past visits to This Website.
  * Dex Media and Google use first-party cookies (such as the Google Analytics cookies) and third-party cookies (such as the DoubleClick cookie) together to report how its ad impressions, other uses of ad services, and interactions with these ad impressions and ad services are related to visits to This Website.
  * Dex Media may collect data through Google Analytics. Data will be used to determine user demographics (age, gender and interest) as an opportunity to monitor its performance, to make This Website easier for you and other users to use, and to manage features and programs made available through This Website.



## E-Mail

### Does This Website send e-mail to users of This Website?

Dex Media may send you commercial e-mail messages (unless you have chosen to opt-out of receiving them, with some exceptions, as explained below) and non-commercial e-mail messages (which are not subject to opt-out, as explained below). For example, Dex Media may send you e-mails to (a) conduct online surveys, (b) provide information regarding our company, information regarding our website(s), marketing information about products and services, and newsletters, and (c) confirm registrations and orders placed online and to otherwise communicate with you as a client or other user of our services. In addition, occasionally, we may use e-mail lists from third parties to promote our latest specials.

You may request not to receive (i.e., "opt-out" of receiving) commercial e-mail messages (the primary purpose of which is the commercial advertisement or promotion of a commercial product or service) from us (on a category-by-category basis), by clicking on [Update Your Email Preferences](http://account.dexmedia.com/customersupport/contactus/opt/opt.jsp) (or otherwise visiting the e-mail campaign opt-out page), and following the directions provided on the e-mail campaign opt-out page. If you have previously opted out of receiving commercial e-mail messages related to one or more categories, you may cancel your request to opt-out of (i.e., consent to receive commercial e-mail messages from us related to) such categories (on a category-by-category basis) by clicking on [Update Your Email Preferences](http://account.dexmedia.com/customersupport/contactus/opt/opt.jsp) (or otherwise visiting the e-mail campaign opt-out page), and following the directions provided on the e-mail campaign opt-out page. Please note that we reserve the right to send e-mails to online users, including those who have opted out of receiving commercial e-mail messages, to (a) facilitate, complete or confirm a commercial transaction the user has agreed to enter into with Dex Media or participation in a program the user has selected; (b) provide warranty information, product recall information, or safety or security information with respect to a commercial product or service used or purchased by the user; (c) provide notification concerning a change in the terms or features of, notification of a change in the user's standing or status with respect to, or at regular periodic intervals, account balance information or other type of account statement with respect to, a subscription, membership, account or comparable ongoing commercial relationship involving the ongoing purchase or use by the user of products or services offered by Dex Media; (d) provide information directly related to an employment relationship or related benefit plan in which the user is currently involved, participating or enrolled, (e) deliver goods or services that the user is entitled to receive under the terms of a transaction that the user has previously agreed to enter into with Dex Media, (f) communicate other non-commercial e-mail messages, and (g) communicate commercial e-mail messages that the user consents to receiving. 

If you are visiting a site via a link on This Website, you are advised to read the privacy policy of that other site for its policies regarding e-mail. (See section entitled ["Do you accommodate links to other sites?"](http://www.superpages.com/about/privacy.html#doyouaccommodate), above) 

## Online Advertising

### What is Dex Media's position regarding online advertising and third party ad servers?

Dex Media may place its own advertisements, and/or accept advertisements from third parties that serve advertising, on This Website. Dex Media may use its own Tracking Methods or Tracking Methods provided by such third parties in the pages containing the ad(s) that Dex Media sends to your browser. These Tracking Methods allow Dex Media and/or the third parties to automatically collect information (e.g., usage pattern information) about your visit to This Website.

As an online advertiser, Dex Media may use information derived from its Tracking Methods or supplied from third party companies in several ways, such as to: 

  * Evaluate and prioritize site selection when developing online media plan 
  * Geographically target advertising 
  * Deliver product and pricing advertising/information applicable to the customers' state 
  * Gauge the effectiveness of our online advertising 



## Security

### What security measures are in place to restrict access to personally identifiable information?

Dex Media is committed to protecting your personally identifiable information that you provide through This Website. This Website is protected with a variety of security measures such as change control procedures and physical access controls (and passwords, as applicable). We also implement other control mechanisms in an effort to help protect personally identifiable information that you provide through This Website from being lost, misused or altered inappropriately.

This Website supports 128 bit Secure Socket Layer (SSL) encryption to transmit certain information (e.g., credit card information provided by the user and social security numbers provided by the user). SSL is a transport level technology for authentication and data encryption between a web server and a web browser. SSL sends data over the "socket", which is a secure channel at the connection layer. 

## Cookies

### What is a cookie and why does Dex Media use them?

A cookie is a small data string our server writes to your hard drive that contains your unique User ID for This Website. Cookies help us to identify new and returning users to This Website, analyze click-stream data, and track historical activity on This Website, which allows us to give you a more personalized, useful experience on This Website. Cookies may be placed by us, by a third-party that provides services to us, or a non-“Dex Media Family” company, with which we have an agreement.

Cookies help Dex Media to enhance the user's online, mobile experience and can be used to: 

  * deliver the appropriate geographic message
  * manage frequency of ad exposure; avoid over delivery of the same message
  * tailor an advertisement or other content to better match your interests and preferences
  * ensure that you see the correct products and pricing applicable to the state in which you live
  * keep track of your order as you order services
  * understand advertising effectiveness
  * manage features and programs made available through This Website
  * collect anonymous traffic data



A cookie cannot be used to access or otherwise compromise the data on your hard drive. However, customers are free to delete website cookies. Most internet browsers enable you to erase cookies from your computer hard drive, block all cookies, or receive a warning before a cookie is stored.

You can choose to change your browser settings to disable cookies if you do not want us to establish and maintain a unique User ID. Please be aware that cookies may be required to complete certain functions on This Website, such as ordering products or services, and, also in connection with personalized sections of This website, for example My Superpages. To disable cookies, see ["Setting Cookie Preferences"](http://www.superpages.com/about/privacy.html#setcookies), below. To opt-out of the placement of behavioral tracking cookies, see “How to Opt-out of Behavior Tracking Cookies” below.

However, you need to understand that some websites/ad serving companies have the ability to reestablish your history even after cookie deletion, if you reenter the same site on another occasion, or some other site tracked by the ad serving company/network, and specifically provide personal data. 

Deletion of cookies alone does not prevent ad serving companies from reestablishing history on a user. The user must either continue to decline cookies each time it reenters the site to keep the tracking severed, if desired, or opt-out. When you opt-out, your unique user ID cookie is erased and you are reassigned an anonymous, non-id cookie. This new cookie tells websites that you have opted out and they will then know not to attempt to assign other cookies to you in the future. Opt-out cookies do not contain a unique user ID number therefore websites are not able to identify your computer uniquely. 

Users who choose to continually delete cookies and not opt out can have their browser advise them each time a website attempts to send a cookie to your system. At that time, you can choose to either Accept or Cancel a cookie. Users who choose to "opt out" after deleting cookies will receive an anonymous/non personally identifiable cookie. 

### Here is How to Set Your Cookie Preferences: 

  * Microsoft Internet Explorer 5+, 6, 7: From the menu, select Tools and click on Internet Options. Click on the Privacy tab. Click on Default, it should set to "Medium" 
  * Mozilla Firefox: From the menu, select Tools and click on Options. Click the Privacy panel. Under Cookies, click check box 'Accept cookies from sites' and 'Accept third-party cookies' check box 
  * Netscape 9: From the menu, select Tools and click on Options. Click the Privacy panel and then click on the Cookies label. Click on check box, 'Select cookies from the site' 
  * MAC Safari: From menu, click on Safari, select 'Preference'. Click on 'Security'. From 'Accept cookies: click on radio button 'Only from sites you navigate to' 
  * MAC Firefox: From menu, click on Firefox, select 'Preference'. Click on 'Privacy'. Under 'Cookies', click check box 'Accept cookies from sites' 
  * Other Browsers: Contact the manufacturer of the browser for information 



### How to Opt-out of Behavioral Tracking Cookies: 

We contract with non-“Dex Media Family” companies, with which we have agreements, which use cookies to collect information when you visit This Website. This non-personally identifiable information, collected through cookies, is typically used by third party advertising networks to serve you with advertisements while on third party sites and other forms of media, and those advertisements are tailored to meet your preferences and likely interests.   
If you do not wish to participate in this activity, please [click here](http://www.networkadvertising.org/participating-networks) and follow the simple opt-out process.

## Children's Privacy

### Does Dex Media knowingly collect personal information from children through This Website?

Dex Media does not knowingly collect personal information from children through This Website. Dex Media does not request that users provide any personal information through any area of This Website that is directed towards children. Dex Media may, however, automatically collect certain information regarding users' visits to This Website (for example, the user's IP address, the user's domain name, the user's user agent, which pages the user visits and for how long, the date and time the user accessed This Website and the referral URL) including areas of This Website, if any, that are directed towards children. (See Section entitled ["Information Dex Media Collects".](http://www.superpages.com/about/privacy.html#informationcollected))

We cannot always determine the age of persons who access and use This Website. If a child visits This Website or provides us with the child's information, we encourage the parent or guardian of the child to Contact Us to have such information deleted. This Website, and any site to which users may link from This Website, may contain content provided by advertisers or other third parties that may not be suitable for children. Dex Media asks parents or legal guardians to assist Dex Media by supervising any activities of children at This Website. 

## Contact Information

### Who do I contact if I am concerned, or have questions, about my privacy related to This Website?

  * Please visit [Contact Us](http://www.dexmedia.com/contact-us/)


