> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the supremacy1914.com privacy policy that was archived on 2014-06-29. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20140629212537id_/http%3A//www.supremacy1914.com/index.php%3Fid%3D259) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy Policy

  


### ****Data Privacy Policy of Bytro Labs GmbH****

This is the data privacy policy of Bytro Labs GmbH, which informs you about what kind of personal data is being collected by Bytro Labs GmbH as part of its online services and games. It also explains how that data is processed and used. The responsibility of protection and processing of personal data is a highly important issue for Bytro Labs. Your data is protected against unauthorized access and loss through the use of various technical and contractual measures. Bytro Labs has taken the necessary technical and organizational precautions to ensure that the regulations for data privacy are respected both internally as well as by external service providers. ** ******

 ** **1\. Collection and Use of Personal Data****

1.1 Bytro Labs collects personal data provided by you (e.g. your name, address and e-mail address) in the following ways:

a. upon registration for our websites or games

b. for the use and payment of fee-based goods and services

c. for the purpose of support queries at your request

d. during optional participation in inquiries, promotions and surveys

Subject to your consent, Bytro Labs keeps you informed about news, events and promotions via e-mail.

1.2 Bytro Labs also collects further non-personal data as it is required for the technical implementation, the performance or the billing of our services. This refers in particular to game processes, game scores and information regarding the use and settlement of services. This concerns data such as:

a. IP addresses, redirecting URL, date, time

b. cookies, browser type and operating system

c. pages used, total time and frequency of use

In particular, Bytro Labs uses this collected data for the following purposes:

a. to secure data and ensure our system's reliability and stability

b. for customer assistance and support

c. to provide services and settle payments

d. to track and stop the use of multiple accounts for fraudulent purposes

e. to fulfill legal obligations and meet the requirements for preserving data

1.3 Bytro Labs uses the web analysis service "Google Analytics" (provided by Google Inc.). Google Analytics uses cookies which enables analysis of your use of the website. The information generated by the cookie about your use of our website (including your IP address) is transferred to a Google server in the USA and stored there. Google will use this information to analyze your use of the website in order to compile reports about website activities for the website operator and also to provide services associated with use of the website and Internet usage. Google may also pass this information on to third parties where legally required to do so or where third parties process this data on Google's behalf. Under no circumstances shall Google associate your IP address with other Google data. By using this website you declare your agreement to the processing of data collected about you by Google in the aforementioned way and using the aforementioned methods and for the purposes specified. These ToS do not address any questions which may arise with regards to any services provided by third parties – including questions relating to Internet access.

 **2. **Data Transfer and Third Parties****

We will treat your data with the strictest confidentiality and will not disclose it to any third parties, unless you have given us your express permission to do so. We may however be required by law to disclose your information in certain situations (such as to an investigating authority) where the transfer takes place only within the framework required by legal conventions.

In individual cases, third parties may provide services on our behalf. This mainly concerns the handling of payment transactions by external service providers (PayPal, Moneybookers, Paysafecard, etc.) and, in the case of default, by a debt collection company. These external companies are obligated to treat your data confidentially and securely, and only to use your data to the extent necessary to fulfill the tasks for which they are responsible.

 **3. **Withdrawal of Consents and Deletion of Data****

If you have given us consent to process personal data, you can withdraw this consent at any time. Bytro Labs deletes your personal data insofar as it is no longer needed or required, or if you have requested the deletion of this data (see 4.). Please note that data cannot be deleted if there are legal storage requirements or this data is required by us for the billing of our services.

 **4. **Contact and Data Deletion Requests****

Bytro Labs provides the possibility to directly delete or correct your own personal data at [this location](https://web.archive.org/web/20140629212537id_/http%3A//www.supremacy1914.com/index.php%3Fid%3D259?id=62). You have to be logged in to your account to enter the settings menu and then scroll down to the "Delete Account" option to delete your personal data.

For any queries about data protection you can also contact us [here](https://web.archive.org/web/20140629212537id_/http%3A//www.supremacy1914.com/index.php%3Fid%3D259?id=172) or directly via e-mail to support(at)bytro.com. You can also send your request to us by mail at the following mailing address:

Bytro Labs GmbH

Rödingsmarkt 29

20459 Hamburg

Germany

Please remember to include your user ID, e-mail address and, if needed, the relevant details about the game(s).

Hamburg, August 15, 2011 
