> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the parchment.com privacy policy that was archived on 2012-10-22. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20121022135626id_/http%3A//www.parchment.com/privacy-policy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy Policy | Parchment Inc.

Parchment, Inc. (“Company”) takes your privacy seriously. This Web site (“Site”) is a general corporate Web site, through which we provide information about us and our various products and services and through which you may register for the Docufide platform including, Docufide Sender, Docufide Receiver and our other products and services individually and collectively, the “Services”). We use information that we collect from you and your school or college to efficiently provide our online Services, to improve your experience in using the Site and our various Services, to aid in communications between Parchment and you and to notify you of Services that we think may be of interest to you. We want to be clear: We will not use your personally identifiable information for any Service without your specific prior approval. This is uniformly true whether you are a student, parent or school/college staff member. For more information about our commitment to privacy, please read our detailed privacy policy, which is stated below.

### What information do we collect?

Automatic collection of information. Like many Web sites on the Internet, we automatically track certain information about you as you use our Site. This information may include, for example, your IP address, browser type and Internet connection speed. In addition, we may employ the use of “cookies” in certain areas of our Site. A cookie is a small amount of data that is sent to your browser from a Web server that may be stored on your computer’s hard drive. For the most part, the cookies we would use would be “session cookies,” meaning they are automatically deleted at the end of a Site visit.

Information you enter. We also collect information you choose to provide us through the Site or via email. For example, we obtain information when you complete a registration form or feedback form, contact us requesting information, purchase our Services, respond to a survey, or contact a customer support representative. For students, this information may include, for example, your name, email address, postal address, phone number(s), school affiliation, graduation year, gender and other demographic information, student identification number(s) and destination schools. Services order forms may also request credit card, debit card or online check or other billing information as well as information sufficient to identify your academic record(s). For schools, this information may include, for example, the institution’s name, address, phone numbers, URLs, email address(es) and the names and contact information for administrators and staff responsible for handling student transcripts and other admission documents. You can choose not to provide us with certain personal or institutional information, but then you may not be able to successfully complete orders for Services or take full advantage of the features of our Site. When using the Services offered on the Site, Company may collect information regarding such use including any communications made or transactions entered into by you or your institution or students, as applicable.

### Who is collecting your information?

When you provide information through the Site, the information is transmitted through the Internet and stored on servers owned and maintained by Parchment or, with respect to credit card and other billing information and information maintenance, the designated service providers which Parchment may from time to time engage to handle account billing and processing and information maintenance. You will be informed if any third party other than a Parchment service provider is involved in collecting information from you through use of the Site. In such situations, you can elect not to share the information requested.

Parchment service providers, affiliates and partners, third party advertisers and other entities (such as industry advisors and other Web sites that offer commentary, publish reviews and/or offer online discussion groups) that have links on the Site may also collect information about you when you visit their Web sites or otherwise communicate with them. Although we encourage such third parties to adopt and follow their own privacy policies, we are not responsible for their collection and use of user information. THE INFORMATION PRACTICES OF OTHER WEB SITES LINKED TO THE SITE ARE NOT COVERED BY THIS PRIVACY POLICY. You should refer to the privacy policies and statements of other Web sites or contact the respective Webmasters of those Web sites to obtain information regarding their information collection, use and disclosure  policies.

### How do we use your information?

Personally Identifying or Institution Identifying Information. Any personally identifying or institution identifying information that we collect is used to facilitate the provision of Services that you may order and any related transactions, personalize your account, maintain and customize the Services, develop new Company services, and allow communication between Parchment (its affiliates and service providers) and you. For institutions, this may include posting the school’s or college’s name on the Site as an institution that uses and/or accepts the use of Parchment’s Services as well as to the collection, maintenance and dissemination of aggregate data related to each participating institution’s use and/or acceptance of the Services.

Non-Personally Identifying Information. We also generate, use and make available for others various statistics and information of a non-personally identifying nature relevant to the Services. This non-personally identifying information may include, but is not limited to, student-users’ Service purchasing and college application patterns, trends, preferences, and other collective characteristics of registered student-users of the Site. Such non-personally identifying statistical information may consist of the aggregation of certain personally identifying information presented in such a manner that no single student or institution can be identified and may include, without limitation, academic data, application preferences, and demographic and geographic data. Upon receiving the consent of the participating-institution, such aggregated data may be disseminated in a manner which identifies the institution, but in no way identifies individual students whose data comprises the aggregated statistics.

### With whom do we share your information?

Our business hinges on security and the trust you place in us. We will not release any of your personally identifying information or institution identifying information to any third party without your consent, except as described in this Privacy Policy and in any agreement entered into by you in connection with the use of the Services made available on this Web site. We will share student-users’ personally identifying information only with the applicable student-user’s consent (or the consent of such student’s parent, if the student is not yet 18 years of age) or under the following circumstances:

  * Designated Academic Institutions. Through our Docufide Sender™ service or other similar Service, we will transmit the transcripts and other applicable data of the student-user(s) purchasing such Services to their designated academic institution(s). Dissemination of information through the Services is more specifically addressed in the terms governing the purchase orders of such services as described in our Student Agreement.
  * Service providers. We will share certain information with the school(s)/college(s) from which we obtain your transcript and academic information. We may also use other companies and individuals to perform supporting functions on our behalf for the various Services offered through the Site, such as account billing and processing. These service providers will not be permitted to use the information collected from you for any purpose other than performing the support functions for Parchment and/or offering additional Services, promotions or other offers to you.
  * Protection of rights. We will release your information if we believe that such action is appropriate to: (1) comply with any legal process, (2) enforce the Terms of Use Agreement for the Site, (3) respond to claims that any information or content posted on our site or transmitted through the use of the Services violates the rights of any third party, or (4) protect the rights, property, or personal safety of Parchment, its affiliates and employees, other Site users or others.
  * Asset transfers. We continue to develop our business and in doing so might choose to buy other businesses or assets. User information is generally one of the transferred assets acquired in such purchases. Also, if we should choose to sell some or all of our assets, user information, including the information collected from you through this Site, could be included in the transferred assets.  
In all other circumstances, when we disclose any student-user information to a third party it will be in the form of aggregated statistical data that doesn't identify the student-user individually. This non-identifying information includes, for example, the purchasing patterns, trends, preferences, and other collective characteristics of our users by category, but not by individual, and serves to help us, our business affiliates and others evaluate and tailor our communications, advertisements, products, services and general business practices.



### Control of your information

You can correct and update the information you provide Parchment (excluding transcript or academic record information which may only be modified by the originating institution) by signing in to your account and accessing the Profile tab. From time to time, Parchment may provide you information on Parchment, Docufide or its various Services through email, telephone solicitations, and/or postal mail. You can opt-out of receiving these types of communications by contacting our Site Administrator through the [contact forms](http://www.docufide.com/contact-us). Please recognize that once your information is disclosed to a third party with your consent in accordance with this Privacy Policy, we do not provide a means of opting-out of any communications that affiliates may send to you and we advise that you contact such service provider or affiliate directly for more information on any available opt-out procedures.  Of course, if you choose to share any information with non-Parchment affiliated individuals on the Parchment site - such as through the Essay system, the online forums or any other current or future optional service you choose to use - you do so knowing that Parchment has no control over what such individuals will do with the information you choose to reveal.

### Security

We use sophisticated technology designed to protect your information and all transmissions made through our Site. Here are some of the highlights:

The personal or institution identifying information that you provide us is stored in secured facilities with restricted access, and protected by protocols and procedures designed to ensure the security of such information. In addition, all individuals who have access to such information are trained in the maintenance and security of such information, and we limit access of such information by our employees to the minimum information reasonably required in order to provide prompt, high quality Services.

If the individual students (or a parent of such student) does not authorizes Parchment to retain such personally identifiable information, all transcript and academic data obtained by Parchment in the performance of its transmission duties as part of its Services will be stored on secure servers, or in secure file storage if the transmission was by non-electronic means, only for a limited time and all personally identifiable information shall be deleted once Parchment receives confirmation that the applicable transcript and academic data have been successfully transmitted . Parchment may retain on its servers after completion of the ordered Services, without authorization from the student (or a parent), aggregate transcript and academic data that is not personally identifiable information or traceable to specific students.

All personal or institution identifying information that you input on-line during completion of order forms or other correspondence with Company, including credit card, debit card or other billing information, is encrypted by not less than 128-bit secure sockets layer encryption protocols.

Use of the Services requires the user name and user-selected password obtained by you during registration. The use of a password ensures that access to your account is limited to you and anyone with whom you share your password. In order to ensure the effectiveness of a password protection system, you must diligently maintain the confidentiality of your password. PARCHMENT IS NOT RESPONSIBLE FOR ANY UNAUTHORIZED ACCESS TO AND RESULTING USE OF YOUR ACCOUNT ACCOMPLISHED THROUGH THE USE OF YOUR VALID AND CURRENT PASSWORD.  
Despite the most thorough of precautions, no data transmission over the Internet can be guaranteed to be entirely secure. As a result, while we strive to protect your information, we cannot ensure or warrant the security of any information you transmit to us or from our Site, and you engage in such transmissions at your own risk. Once we receive a transmission from you, we will attempt to ensure its security on our systems and for any transmission of the information we may make as part of the Services.

### Children's privacy

Our Site is a general audience Web site and no portion of the Site is directed to children under the age of 13. We do not collect personally identifying information from any person we know is a child under the age of 13.

### Summary

At Parchment, protecting your privacy is important to us. By accessing and using our Site, you consent to the collection, use and disclosure of information by Parchment as described in this Privacy Policy. Although this Privacy Policy is subject to change from time to time, we will display a notice on the Site of any material change at least fifteen (15) days prior to implementation of the revised Privacy Policy. If you have any questions concerning this policy please send an email to the Site Administrator from the link found on the [Contact Us](http://www.docufide.com/contact-us) page.

[Parchment Permission Language](https://web.archive.org/privacy-policy/parchment-permission-language)
