> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the parentfails.com privacy policy that was archived on 2012-10-28. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20121028085517id_/http%3A//pophangover.com/privacy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# POPHANGOVER » Pophangover Network Disclosure and Privacy Policy

Last Updated: June 4, 2011 1:32 PM EST

The following disclosure and privacy notice applies to this website, the sites listed at http://pophangover.com/network/, and any sites which are operated by Studio 159 LLC (collectively, the “Websites”).  We may change or update this policy from time to time, and we will notify you of any changes by changing the “last updated” time set forth above.

You should periodically review the most up-to-date version of this posting. Studio 159 LLC, in its sole discretion, modify or revise this posting at any time and you agree to be bound by such modifications or revisions.

The Websites are personal blogs and are edited by Jillian Madison and Michelle Madison. They are provided for entertainment purposes only. The Websites contain rumors, speculation, gossip, opinions, as well as some factual information, though nothing on the Websites is meant to be taken as fact. If you have questions, please send them to webmaster@pophangover.com.

The Websites accept forms of cash advertising, sponsorship, paid insertions or other forms of compensation. These include:

\- Banner advertisements; these appear in the blog’s header, sidebar, and footer. I receive monetary payment for showing these ads.

\- Amazon Associates Program: Purchases made through Amazon affiliate links on this blog yield a small referral fee. The purchases are confidential; Studio 159 LLC do not know who purchased products using the Amazon Associate links listed on the blog.

The compensation received will never influence the content, topics or posts made in this blog. All advertising is in the form of advertisements generated by a third party ad network. Those advertisements will be identified as paid advertisements.

The owner(s) of this blog is/are not compensated to provide opinion on products, services, websites and various other topics. The views and opinions expressed on this blog are purely those of the blog’s writers. If we claim or appear to be experts on a certain topic or product or service area, we will only endorse products or services that we believe, based on our expertise, are worthy of such endorsement. Any product claim, statistic, quote or other representation about a product or service should be verified with the manufacturer or provider.

To generate your own disclosure policy, go to DisclosurePolicy.org.

Privacy Policy

**Personal Information  
**  
You do not have to provide personal information to use the Websites.

We collect personal information only when you provide it to us; for example, to use services on the Websites. You may be asked to provide your contact information (such as your name, postal address, telephone numbers and/or e-mail address), financial information (such as credit card numbers), and demographic information (such as your zip code, age, or income level). You are not required to provide us with this information, but if you choose not to, you may not be able to participate in some of the activities on the Websites.

Contact information is used to respond to your inquiries, to notify you if you have won a contest or a quiz, and to send products and services ordered from the Websites. We may also offer you the opportunity to receive periodic mailings from us with information on new products and services, updates to the Websites  or upcoming events.

Financial information that is collected is used only to process orders for products and services purchased through the Websites and is never shared with third parties for any other reason.

Demographic information is shared with advertisers and third parties only on an aggregated basis. (See Aggregate Information below.)

Whenever we request your personal information on the Websites, we will try to explain to you how we intend to use it and provide you with a choice to decline certain uses. In addition, if we plan to post any of your personal information on the Websites, for example, your name and home town to identify you as the winner of a quiz), we will also notify you of this possibility either when you provide information to us or prior to posting the information.

We may be required to disclose personal information pursuant to valid legal process.

Please keep in mind that whenever you give out personal information online (such as in discussion forums or chat), that information can be collected and used by people you do not know. While we strive to protect your personal information and privacy, we cannot guarantee the security of any information you disclose online and you do so at your own risk.

Our privacy policy does not extend to anything that is inherent in the operation of the Internet, and therefore beyond our control.

**Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act (COPPA) of 1998  
**  
Our activities on the Websites are carried out in compliance with the Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act of 1998. Under that Act, we may not ask a child to provide more personal information than is reasonably necessary in order to participate in an activity on this site.

We will not collect information from children under the age of 13 without first gaining consent or giving direct notification to a parent or guardian. We will not use this information to contact the child for other purposes, distribute this information to third parties, or give the child the ability to post publicly or otherwise distribute personally identifiable information without a parent’s or guardian’s consent.

We do not allow visitors under 13 years of age to be listed on our membership directory or to receive direct marketing communications from Studio 159 LLC or to be sent third-party offers.

**Aggregate Information  
**  
We share aggregate information about our visitors, which does not personally identify you, with advertisers, business partners, sponsors, and other third parties. For example, we may report the percentage of visitors in each age category or the percentage of visitors interested in visiting Walt Disney World. This data is used to customize our content and to possibly offer advertising and services that better serve our visitors.

**IP Addresses  
**  
An IP address is a number that is automatically assigned to your computer whenever you are on the Internet. The IP address number is used to route requests from your computer and Web pages to your computer while you are on the Internet.

We collect IP addresses for the purposes of system administration, to report aggregate information to our advertisers and partners, and to audit the use of our site. When visitors request pages from our site, our servers log the visitors’ IP addresses. We do not normally link IP addresses to anything personally identifiable, which means that a visitor’s session will be logged, but the visitor remains anonymous to us. We can and will use IP addresses to identify a visitor when we feel it is necessary to enforce compliance with our house rules or to protect our service, site, visitors, or others.

**Cookies  
**  
Cookies are data that a Web site transfers to an individual’s computer for record-keeping purposes. Cookies, which are an industry standard used by most Web sites, including ours, can facilitate a user’s ongoing access to, and use of, a site.

By showing how and when visitors use a site, cookies help us see which areas are popular and which are not. Many improvements and updates to the site are based on such data as total number of visitors and pages viewed. This information is most easily tracked with cookies. We use the information from cookies to provide services better tailored to our visitors needs.

We may use a temporary cookie to track the products you have chosen to purchase while shopping on our Web sites. The cookie expires once you are done shopping. The cookie saves you the trouble of entering information over and over again during a single visit.

If you do not want information collected through the use of cookies, there is a simple procedure in most browsers that allows you to decline the cookie feature. You should note, however, that declining cookies may make it difficult for you to make purchases or use other services on the Websites.

**Advertising**

In addition to possible online banner advertisements displayed by Studio 159 LLC, Studio 159 LLC may allow other companies, called third-party advertising companies to serve ads when you visit our website. These companies may use information (not including your name, address, email address, or telephone number) about your visits to this and other websites in order to provide advertisements about goods and services of interest to you. If you would like more information about this practice and to know your choices about not having this information used by these companies, [click here](http://networkadvertising.org/).

**Links to Other Sites**

Visitors should be aware that when they are on one of the Websites, they could be directed to other sites that are beyond our control. There are links to other sites from our pages that take you outside our service. For example, if you “click” on a banner advertisement, the “click” may take you off the Websites. This includes links from advertisers, sponsors, and business partners that may use our logo as part of a co-branding agreement. These other sites may send their own cookies to visitors, collect data, or solicit personal information. We are not responsible for the privacy of personal information furnished by you to these advertisers. Visitors to the Websites who provide personal information to these other sites are advised to check the privacy policies of those sites. Look for the link on their main pages.

**Security**

We have security measures in place to protect the loss, misuse and alteration of the information under our control. Unfortunately, no data transmission over the Internet can be guaranteed to be 100% secure. As a result, while we strive to protect your personal information, we cannot ensure or warrant the security of any information you transmit to us or from our online products or services, and you do so at your own risk. Once we receive your transmission, we make our best effort to ensure its security on our systems. We may use third parties to host and maintain the Websites.

**Correcting, Updating, or Removing Personal Information**

In case you wish to correct, update, or remove your personal information, we will use commercially reasonable efforts to find a way to correct, update, or remove the personal data you give us as it is used on the Websites and to the extent we control the use of such data. You can do this by contacting the administrator.

**Acceptance of These Terms**

By using the Websites,  you signify your consent to the Studio 159 LLC Privacy Policy. If you do not agree to this policy, please do not use the Websites. Your use of the Websites following any amendment to this posting will signify your assent to and acceptance of its revised terms.
