> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the parkcameras.com privacy policy that was archived on 2017-09-15. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20170915173709id_/https%3A//www.parkcameras.com/privacy-policy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy Policy | Park Cameras - Protecting Your Privacy

Park Cameras Ltd. are committed to protecting your privacy. You can visit and use our website without giving any personal information. However, due to the ordering process, certain information given by you at the time of ordering is collected lawfully and in accordance with the Data Protection Act 1998, solely by Park Cameras Ltd. This personal information will include your name, address, contact details including your e-mail address, and credit card details. The information we take through our website is used only for the purpose of processing your request and to communicate with you on any matters relating to the provision of the service in general. Information and statistics may also be used for the purpose of monitoring site usage. These statistics will not include any information that can be used to identify any one individual.

Our use of statistics includes Google Analytics, a web analytics service provided by Google, Inc. ("Google"). Google Analytics uses "cookies", which are text files placed on your computer. The information generated by the cookie about your use of the website (including your IP address) will be transmitted to and stored by Google on servers in the United States. Google will use this information for the purpose of evaluating your use of the website, compiling reports on website activity for website operators and providing other services relating to website activity and internet usage. Google may also transfer this information to third parties where required to do so by law, or where such third parties process the information on Google's behalf. Google will not associate your IP address with any other data held by Google. You may refuse the use of cookies by selecting the appropriate settings on your browser, however please note that if you do this you may not be able to use the full functionality of this website. By using this website, you consent to the processing of data about you by Google in the manner and for the purposes set out above.

Should you subscribe to our newsletter service, we will use your e-mail address to send you information regarding latest products or deals that we currently have that you could be interested in. Should you wish to stop receiving information from us, then please click on the unsubscribe link in the e-mail, e-mail us [sales@parkcameras.com](mailto:sales@parkcameras.com), or phone us on 01444 23 70 70. We assure you that Park Cameras Ltd. will not allow any third Party access or use of this information without your permission unless this is necessary to fulfill and provide you with the service you require from us.
