> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the parsecgaming.com privacy policy that was archived on 2019-03-15. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20190315235706id_/https%3A//parsecgaming.com/privacy-policy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy Policy | Parsec

**Last Revised: March 30, 2018**

Parsec Cloud, Inc. (“ **Parsec** ”) is committed to protecting your privacy. We have prepared this Privacy Policy (the “ **Policy** ”) to inform you of our practices regarding the data we collect from and about users of [our website](https://www.parsecgaming.com/), (the “ **Site** ”) and our downloadable desktop and mobile applications (together with the Site and any other products and services provided by Parsec, the “ **Services** ”). Capitalized terms used but not defined in this Policy have the meanings provided in the Parsec Terms of Use (the “ **Terms** ”), available on our [Terms](https://parsecgaming.com/terms) page. This Policy is incorporated into the Terms.

**Who we are:** For the purpose of applicable data protection legislation, the data controller of your personal data is Parsec Cloud, Inc. of 115 Broadway, Floor 5, New York, NY 10006.

**Must Read Sections:** We draw your attention in particular to the sections entitled “ **International Data Transfer** ” and “ **Your Rights.** ”

**Changes to this Policy:** We will post any modifications or changes to the Policy on the Site and within the Services. We may modify the Policy at any time, so we encourage you to review it frequently. The “Last Updated” legend above indicates when this Policy was last changed. If we make any material change(s) to the Policy, we will post a notice on the Site and Services prior to such changes(s) taking effect.

  1. **A Note About Children.** We do not intentionally gather Personal Data (as defined below) from individuals who are under the age of 13. If we learn that a child under 13 has submitted Personal Data to Parsec, we will attempt to delete the information as soon as possible. If you believe that we might have any Personal Data from a child under 13, please contact us at legal@parsecgaming.com.
  2. **Purposes of Processing**

**What is Personal Data?**

We collect information about you in a range of forms, including personal data. As used in this Policy, “ **Personal Data** ” is as defined in the General Data Protection Regulation of 2018 (the “ **GDPR** ”) and any successor legislation. This includes any information which, either alone or in combination with other information we hold about you, identifies you as an individual, such as your name, postal address, email address and telephone number.

**Why do we need your Personal Data?**

We will only process your Personal Data in accordance with applicable data protection and privacy laws. We only collect Personal Data that is required for us to provide the Services (a “legitimate interest” under the GDPR), or where, in other circumstances, you explicitly consent to such collection. If you create an account with Parsec, we will collect the information require to provide the selected Services, and you will be asked to consent to our use of such information as set forth below. This consent and legitimate interest provides us with the legal basis we require under applicable law to process your Personal Data. You may withdraw such consent at any time. If you do not agree to our use of your Personal Data in set forth in this Policy, please do not use our Services.

  3. **Types of Data We Collect.** We collect Personal Data as defined above. We also collect **“Anonymous Data,”** which is data that is not associated with or linked to your Personal Data. Anonymous Data does not, by itself, permit the identification of individual persons. We collect Personal Data and Anonymous Data, as described below. 
    1. **Information You Provide to Us.**
      * We may collect Personal Data from you, such as your first and last name, e-mail address, and phone number when you create an account to log in to the Services.
      * If you use our Services on your desktop, including through our desktop application, we may collect information about your computer specifications.
      * If you tell us where you are (e.g., by allowing your desktop application to send us your location), we may store and use that information to provide you with location-based information. 
      * Our Services let you store preferences like how your content is displayed, your location, safe search settings, and favorite widgets. We may associate these choices with your ID or desktop, and you can edit these preferences at any time.
      * When you order Services from us, including gaming PC rentals, we will collect all information necessary to complete the transaction, including your name, credit card information (which is collected and processed by our third party payment partners, as described below), and billing information. We do not store this information directly on our servers, but this information may be shared with third parties that help process and fulfill your purchases. When you submit credit card numbers, that information is encrypted using industry standard technology.
      * We retain information on your behalf, such as files and messages that you store using your account.
      * If you provide us with feedback or contact us via e-mail, we will collect your name and e-mail address, as well as any other content included in the e-mail, in order to send you a reply.
      * When you post content (text, images, photographs, messages, comments or any other kind of content that is not your e-mail address) on the Site or Services, the information contained in your posting will be stored in our servers and other users will be able to see it, along with your profile photo and any other information that you choose to make public on your public profile page ( **“Profile”** ). The information that you provide in your Profile will be visible to others, including anonymous visitors to the Site.
      * When you post messages on the message boards of the Services, the information contained in your posting will be stored on our servers and other users will be able to see it.
      * When you participate in one of our surveys, we may collect additional information.
      * We may also collect other types of Personal Data that you provide to us voluntarily if you contact us through bit.ly/parsecsupport regarding support for the Services.
      * We may collect information about which programs you have given guests access to on your computer in an effort to protect you and your computer when the guest connects.
      * If you participate in a sweepstakes, contest or giveaway on our Site, we may ask you for your e-mail address and/or home number (to notify you if you win or not). We may also ask for first and last names, and sometimes post office addresses to verify your identity. In some situations we may need additional information as a part of the entry process, such as a prize selection choice. These sweepstakes and contests are voluntary. We recommend that you read the rules for each sweepstakes and contest that you enter.
      * We may also collect Personal Data at other points in our Site that state that Personal Data is being collected and where consent is obtained for collecting such information.
    2. **Information Collected via Technology.**
      * _Information Collected by Our Servers_. To make the Services more useful to you, our servers (which may be hosted by a third party service provider) collect information from you, including your browser type, operating system, IP address (a number that is automatically assigned to your computer when you use the Internet, which may vary from session to session), domain name, and/or a date/time stamp for your visit.
      * _Log Files_. As is true of most websites, we gather certain information automatically and store it in log files. This information includes IP addresses, browser type, Internet service provider ( **“ISP”** ), referring/exit pages, operating system, date/time stamp, and clickstream data. We use this information to analyze trends, administer the Services, track users’ movements around the Site and Services, gather demographic information about our user base as a whole, and better tailor our Services to our users’ needs. For example, some information may be collected so that when you visit the Services again, it will recognize you and the information can then be used to serve information appropriate to your interests. Except as noted in this Policy, we do not link this automatically-collected data to Personal Data.
      * _Cookies_. Like many online services, we use cookies to collect information. **“cookies”** are small pieces of information that a website sends to your computer’s hard drive while you are viewing the website. We may use both session cookies (which expire once you close your web browser) and persistent cookies (which stay on your computer until you delete them) to provide you with a more personal and interactive experience on the Site and Services. This type of information is collected to make the Site and Services more useful to you and to tailor the experience with us to meet your special interests and needs. We use the following types of cookies: 
        1. _Essential Cookies_ \- These cookies are essential to provide you with the Services and to enable you to use some of its features. For example, they allow you to log in to secure areas of the Services and help the content of the pages you request load quickly. Without these cookies, the Services that you have asked for cannot be provided.
        2. _Functionality Cookies_ \- These cookies allow the Services to remember choices you make when you use the Services, such as login details and progress within a course. The purpose of these cookies is to provide you with a more personal experience and to avoid you having to re-enter your preferences every time you visit the Services.
        3. _Analytics and Performance Cookies_ \- These cookies are used to collect information about traffic to the Services and how they are used. The information gathered does not identify any individual visitor. The information is aggregated and anonymous. It includes information like the number of visitors to the Services, the websites that referred them to the Services, the pages they visited on the Services, what time of day they visited the Services, and whether they have visited the Services before. We use this information to help operate the Services more efficiently, to gather broad demographic information and to monitor the level of activity on the Services.

We use Google Analytics, Mixpanel, Facebook, Optimizely, and Segment for this purpose. You can find out more information about these cookies at the following links:

**Google Analytics** \- Read more about Google Analytics Cookies [here](https://developers.google.com/analytics/resources/concepts/gaConceptsCookies) and the Google Analytics Privacy Policy [here](http://www.google.com/analytics/learn/privacy.html). You can prevent the use of Google Analytics relating to your use of the Services by downloading and installing the browser plugin available via [this link](http://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout?hl=en-GB).

**Mixpanel** \- For more information on what type of information Mixpanel collects, please visit [the Mixpanel Terms of Use](http://www.mixpanel.com/terms). You can prevent Mixpanel from using your information for analytics purposes by opting-out [here](http://www.mixpanel.com/optout).

**Facebook** \- For more information on what type of information Facebook collects, please visit the [Facebook Data Policy](https://www.facebook.com/about/privacy/).

**Optimizely** \- For more information on what type of information Optimizely collects, please visit their [Privacy Policy](https://www.optimizely.com/privacy/). You can prevent Optimizely from using your information for analytics purposes by opting-out [here](https://www.optimizely.com/legal/opt-out/).

**Segment** \- For more information on what type of information Segment collects, please visit [Segment's Privacy Policy](https://segment.com/docs/legal/privacy/).

_Social Media Cookies_ \- These cookies are used when you share information using a social media sharing button or “like” button on the Services or you link your account or engage with our content on or through a social networking website such as Facebook, Twitter or Google+. The social network will record that you have done this.

      * _Pixel Tag_ In addition, we use **“pixel tags** ” (also referred to as clear GIFs, Web beacons, or Web bugs). Pixel tags are tiny graphic images with a unique identifier, similar in function to cookies, which are used to track online movements of Web users. In contrast to cookies, which are stored on a user’s computer hard drive, pixel tags are embedded invisibly in web pages. Pixel tags also allow us to send e-mail messages in a format users can read, and they tell us whether e-mails have been opened to ensure that we are sending only messages that are of interest to our users. We may use this information to reduce or eliminate messages sent to a user. We do not tie the information gathered by pixel tags to our users’ Personal Data.
      * _Do Not Track Signals_.Some Internet browsers may be configured to send "Do Not Track" signals to the online services that you visit. We currently do not respond to do not track signals. To find out more about "Do Not Track," please visit [Do Not Track](http://www.allaboutdnt.com/).
      * _Flash LSOs_. When we post videos, third parties may use local shared objects, known as “ **flash cookies** ,” to store your preferences for volume control or to personalize certain video features. Flash cookies are different from browser cookies because of the amount and type of data and how the data is stored. Cookie management tools provided by your browser will not remove flash cookies. To learn how to manage privacy and storage settings for flash cookies, click [here](http://www.macromedia.com/support/documentation/en/flashplayer/help/settings_manager07.html).
      * _Mobile Services_. We may also collect non-personal information from your mobile device if you have downloaded our mobile application. This information is generally used to help us deliver the most relevant information to you. Examples of information that may be collected and used include how you use the application, and information about the type of device you use. In addition, in the event our application crashes on your mobile device, we will receive information about your mobile device model software version and device carrier, which allows us to identify and fix bugs and otherwise improve the performance of our application. This information is sent to us as aggregated information and is not traceable to any individual and cannot be used to identify an individual.
      * _Analytics Services._ In addition to the tracking technologies we place, other companies may set their own cookies or similar tools when you use the Services. This includes third party analytics services, including but not limited to Google Analytics ( **“Analytics Services”** ), that we engage to help analyze how users use the Services. We may receive reports based on these parties’ use of these tools on an individual or aggregate basis. We use the information we get from Analytics Services only to improve our Site and Services. The information generated by the cookies or other technologies about your use of our Site and Services (the **“Analytics Information”** ) is transmitted to the Analytics Services. The Analytics Services use Analytics Information to compile reports on user activity. The Analytics Services may also transfer information to third parties where required to do so by law, or where such third parties process Analytics Information on their behalf. Each Analytics Services’ ability to use and share Analytics Information is restricted by such Analytics Services’ Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. See “Cookies” above for additional information about Analytics Services and links to their terms and policies.
    3. **Information Collected from Third Party Companies.** We may receive Personal and/or Anonymous Data about you from companies that provide our Services by way of a co-branded or private-labeled website or companies that offer their products and/or services on our Services. These third party companies may supply us with Personal Data. We may add this information to the information we have already collected from you in order to improve the Services.
    4. **Information You Provide to Third Parties.** The Services allows users to provide remote access to their computers in order to stream content. The Services’ default configuration allows access to only limited functions of the host computer (i.e., controller), but you may change the configuration to allow greater access. USE EXTREME CAUTION WHEN ALLOWING ANY GUEST ACCESS TO ANY PROGRAMS, ROUTINES OR FUNCTIONS OF YOUR COMPUTER. ACCESS CAN BE USED TO MISAPPROPRIATE PERSONAL DATA AND OTHER IMPORTANT INFORMATION. You are responsible for the content you stream and for what other users can view or access on your computer, and you are responsible for safeguarding the data users have access to on your computer.
  4. **Use of Your Personal Data**
    1. **General Use.** In general, Personal Data you submit to us is used to provide the Services and to respond to requests that you make (i.e., for support). We use your Personal Data to: 
      * facilitate the creation of and secure your account;
      * identify you as a user in our system;
      * provide improved administration of our Site and Services;
      * provide the Services you request;
      * improve the quality of experience when you interact with our Site and Services;
      * send you a welcome e-mail to verify ownership of the e-mail address provided when your account was created;
      * send you administrative e-mail notifications, such as security or support and maintenance advisories;
      * respond to your inquiries related to employment opportunities or other requests; and
      * with your consent, to send you marketing e-mails about upcoming promotions, and other news, including information about products and services offered by us and our affiliates. You may opt-out of receiving such information at any time: such marketing emails tell you how to “opt-out.” Please note that even if you opt out of receiving marketing emails, we may still send you operational emails, including emails about your account and our business dealings with you.
    2. **User Testimonials and Feedback.** We may post user feedback on the Services or Site from time to time. We may share your feedback with your first name and last initial only. If we choose to post your first and last name along with your feedback, we will obtain your consent prior to posting your name with your feedback. If you make any comments on a blog or forum associated with our Site, it will be posted under your user name and you should be aware that any information, including Personal Data, you submit there can be read, collected, or used by other users of these forums, and could be used to send you unsolicited messages. We are not responsible for the Personal Data you choose to submit in these blogs and forums. If you post feedback publicly on sites or apps like Twitter, we may post your feedback on the Services or Site without obtaining consent.
    3. **Creation of Anonymous Data.** We may create Anonymous Data records from Personal Data by excluding information (such as your name) that makes the data personally identifiable to you. We use Anonymous Data to analyze request and usage patterns so that we may enhance the content of our Services and improve Site navigation. We may use Anonymous Data and aggregated and other de-identified information for any purpose and disclose Anonymous Data to third parties in our sole discretion.
  5. **Disclosure of Your Personal Data.** We disclose your Personal Data as described below and elsewhere in this Privacy Policy. 
    1. **Users.** We will share your Personal Data with other users solely as required to provide the Services.
    2. **Third Party Service Providers.**
      * **General**. We may share your Personal Data with third party service providers to: provide you with the Services, including the rental of gaming PCs; to conduct quality assurance testing; to facilitate creation of accounts; to provide technical support; and/or to provide other services to Parsec. These third party service providers are required not to use your Personal Data other than to provide the services requested by Parsec.
      * **Payment Processing Information.** For online payments and/or Automated Clearing House (ACH) payouts, we use the payment services of Stripe. We do not process, record or maintain your credit card or bank account information or other related information necessary to complete your purchase. For more information on how payments are handled, or to understand the data security and privacy afforded such information, please see the [Stripe Privacy Policy](https://stripe.com/us/privacy).
    3. **Affiliates**. We may share some or all of your Personal Data with our parent company, subsidiaries, joint ventures, or other companies under a common control (“ **Affiliates** ”), in which case we will require our Affiliates to honor this Policy.
    4. **Corporate Restructuring.** We may share some or all of your Personal Data in connection with or during negotiation of any merger, financing, acquisition or dissolution transaction or proceeding involving sale, transfer, divestiture, or disclosure of all or a portion of our business or assets. In the event of an insolvency, bankruptcy, or receivership, Personal Data may also be transferred as a business asset. If another company acquires our company, business, or assets, that company will possess the Personal Data collected by us and will assume the rights and obligations regarding your Personal Data as described in this Privacy Policy.
    5. **Other Disclosures**. Regardless of any choices you make regarding your Personal Data (as described below), Parsec may disclose Personal Data if it believes in good faith that such disclosure is necessary (i) in connection with any legal investigation; (ii) to comply with relevant laws or to respond to subpoenas or warrants served on Parsec; (iii) to protect or defend the rights or property of Parsec or users of the Site or Services; and/or (iv) to investigate or assist in preventing any violation or potential violation of the law, this Policy, or our Terms.
  6. **Your Choices Regarding Information.** You have several choices regarding the use of information on our Service: 
    1. **Email Communications.** We will periodically send you free newsletters and e-mails that directly promote the use of our Site or Services. When you receive newsletters or promotional communications from us, you may indicate a preference to stop receiving further communications from us and you will have the opportunity to “opt-out” by following the unsubscribe instructions provided in the e-mail you receive or by contacting us directly (please see contact information below). Despite your indicated e-mail preferences, we may send you service related communications, including notices of any updates to our Terms of Use or Privacy Policy.
    2. **Cookies**. You can typically remove or reject cookies via your browser settings. In order to do this, follow the instructions provided by your browser (usually located within the “settings,” “help” “tools” or “edit” facility). Many browsers are set to accept cookies until you change your settings. Further information about cookies, including how to see what cookies have been set on your computer or mobile device and how to manage and delete them, visit [All About Cookies](http://www.allaboutcookies.org/) and [Your Online Choices](http://www.youronlinechoices.com.uk/).
    3. **Changing or Deleting Your Personal Data.** All users may review, update, correct or delete the Personal Data in their user account (including any imported contacts) by contacting us or editing their profile via the Service. If you completely delete all of your Personal Data, then your user account may become deactivated. We will use commercially reasonable efforts to honor your request. We may retain an archived copy of your records as required by law or for legitimate business purposes.
    4. **Software and Applications.** You can stop all collection of information by a mobile application or our desktop software by uninstalling the application or software. You may use the standard uninstall processes as may be available as part of your mobile device or computer or via the mobile application marketplace or network, as applicable.
  7. **International Data Transfer.** Your information, including Personal Data that we collect from you, may be transferred to, stored at and processed by us and our affiliates and other third parties outside the country in which you reside, including, but not limited to the United States, where data protection and privacy regulations may not offer the same level of protection as in other parts of the world. By using the Services you agree to this transfer, storing or processing. We will take all steps reasonably necessary to ensure that your data is treated securely and in accordance with this Policy.
  8. **Security.** We seek to use reasonable organizational, technical and administrative measures to protect personal data within our organization. Unfortunately, no transmission or storage system can be guaranteed to be completely secure, and transmission of information via the internet is not completely secure. If you have reason to believe that your interaction with us is no longer secure (for example, if you feel that the security of any account you might have with us has been compromised), please immediately notify us of the problem by contacting us using the details in Section 12 below.
  9. **Sensitive Personal Data**
    1. Subject to the following paragraph, we ask that you not send us, and you not disclose, any sensitive Personal Data (e.g., social security numbers, information related to racial or ethnic origin, political opinions, religion or other beliefs, health, biometrics or genetic characteristics, criminal background or trade union membership) on or through the Services or otherwise to us.
    2. If you send or disclose any sensitive Personal Data to us when you submit user generated content to the Services, you consent to our processing and use of such sensitive personal data in accordance with this Policy. If you do not consent to our processing and use of such sensitive personal data, you must not submit such user generated content.
  10. **Your Rights**
    1. **Opt-out**. You may contact us anytime to opt-out of: (i) direct marketing communications; (ii) automated decision-making and/or profiling; (iii) our collection of sensitive Personal Data; (iv) any new processing of your Personal Data that we may carry out beyond the original purpose; or (v) in the case of EEA citizens, the transfer of your Personal Data outside the EEA. Please note that your use of some of the Services may be ineffective upon opt-out.
    2. **Access**. You may access the information we hold about you at any time via your account or by contacting us directly.
    3. **Amend**. You can also contact us to update or correct any inaccuracies in your Personal Data.
    4. **Move**. Your Personal Data is portable – i.e. you have the flexibility to move your data to other service providers as you wish.
    5. **Erase and forget**. In certain situations, for example when the information we hold about you is no longer relevant or is incorrect, you can request that we erase your data.

If you wish to exercise any of these rights, please contact us using the details in Section 11 below. In your request, please make clear: (i) **what** Personal Data is concerned; and (ii) **which of the above rights** you would like to enforce. For your protection, we may only implement requests with respect to the Personal Data associated with the particular email address that you use to send us your request, and we may need to verify your identity before implementing your request. We will try to comply with your request as soon as reasonably practicable and in any event, within one month of your request. Please note that we may need to retain certain information for recordkeeping purposes and/or to complete any transactions that you began prior to requesting such change or deletion.

  11. **Contacting us and Complaints.** We are committed to resolve any complaints about our collection or use of your Personal Data. If you would like to make a complaint regarding this Policy or our practices in relation to your Personal Data, or if you have any questions about this Policy or such practices please contact us at: legal@parsecgaming.com. We will reply to your complaint as soon as we can and in any event, within 45 days. We hope to resolve any complaint brought to our attention, however if you feel that your complaint has not been adequately resolved and you are an EEA resident, you may contact your local data protection supervisory authority.


