> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the parsons.com privacy policy that was archived on 2010-11-22. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20101122082648id_/http%3A//www.parsons.com/pages/privacy-policy.aspx) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy Policy

PARSONS acknowledges and respects the privacy of its Parsons.com Internet Web Site users.

The PARSONS Internet Web Site may be visited by you without providing any personally identifiable information. However, when you do provide personal information about yourself through the knowing and voluntary submission of (1) an email address for alerts or direct contact with an employee; (2) contact information provided in a Contact Form; or (3) through an 800-number contact with our employment professionals, PARSONS will act responsibly.  PARSONS may store and disclose personal information as allowed, or required by applicable law, including making disclosures that are necessary or advisable to (a) protect the rights, safety or property of Parsons or others; (b) allow for lawful security relating or law enforcement investigations; and (c) comply with applicable laws, regulations and other legal requirements. PARSONS will not trade, sell or rent personal information that has been provided.

PARSONS may collect or provide aggregate statistics about its site and users for its own purposes and to provide information to other parties. This aggregate information does not contain personally identifiable information rather it reveals IP addresses, types of operating systems, browser software and pages accessed by our visitors.  PARSONS uses this aggregate data to learn more about its visitors user behaviors and measure overall user demographics.

Please note that the PARSONS Internet Web Site contains hyperlinks to other non-PARSONS Internet Web Sites, and PARSONS does not control or monitor the privacy, accuracy, quality, or integrity of those sites.  This PARSONS Privacy Statement only applies to information collected and maintained by PARSONS. PARSONS reserves the right to modify this Privacy Statement at any time by updating this Privacy Statement Web page. This Privacy Statement was last updated on June 30, 2009. Questions regarding this policy statement should be directed [here](mailto:webmaster@parsons.com "Contact Us").
