> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the parsely.com privacy policy that was archived on 2019-12-31. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20191231194118id_/https%3A//www.parse.ly/privacy-policy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# 

Parsely, Inc. (" **Parse.ly** ", " **we** ," " **us** ," or " **our** "), is committed to protecting and respecting your privacy. Our Parse.ly Service allows customers to track usage and activity on websites and applications on a non-personal basis; to perform analytics related to the tracking; and, to store, query, aggregate, and export data related to the tracking (the " **Parse.ly Service** "). The Parse.ly Service powers several Parse.ly products that go by names such as Parse.ly Analytics, Parse.ly Currents, Parse.ly Dashboard, Parse.ly Video Analytics, Parse.ly Mobile App, Parse.ly Overlay, Parse.ly SDK, Parse.ly Data Pipeline, Parse.ly API, and other such names, as detailed on our website at [https://www.parse.ly](https://www.parse.ly/) (the " **Site** ").

We have created this Privacy Policy (" **Privacy Policy** ") in order to demonstrate our commitment to you (" **you** " or " **your** "), our users, regarding your privacy with respect to information that you submit to Parse.ly or that we collect about you through the Site or via the Parse.ly Service.

As a general rule, there are two categories of users of the Site and Parse.ly Service: Our " **Customers** ", who are operators or publishers of websites and applications that integrate the Parse.ly Service (" **Customer Sites** "), and " **Visitors** ", who are visitors to our Site or who are visitors to Customer Sites integrating the Parse.ly Service and about whom we may receive Personal Information from our Customers.

This Privacy Policy does not apply to information of any kind that we collect by means (including offline means) or from sources other than those specified herein.

Because we gather important information from Customers and Visitors of the Site and Customer Sites, as well as related services provided by Parse.ly (collectively, the " **Services** "), we have established this Privacy Policy as a means to communicate our information collection, use, and dissemination practices. 

In order to access and use the Services, you must agree to our Site Terms of Service at <https://www.parse.ly/site-terms> (applicable to all Visitors) and our Product Terms of Service at <https://www.parse.ly/product-terms> (applicable only to Customers) (the " **Terms** "). Capitalized terms not defined in this Privacy Policy have the meaning given them in the Terms.

As used in this Privacy Policy, " **Personal Information** " means any information or set of information about an identified or identifiable natural person, where an _identifiable_ natural person is one who can be identified by all means reasonably likely to be used by any person to identify the natural person directly or indirectly. " **Personal Information** " does not include information that is _not_ associated with an identified or identifiable individual or information that is reported in the aggregate (provided that such aggregated information is not identifiable to a natural person), and does not include information as to which identifying characteristics have been removed without means reasonably likely to be used by any person to re-identify the natural person directly or indirectly.

## NOTICE

Where Parse.ly collects or receives Personal Information about Visitors directly from Visitors, we will explain the purposes for which we collect and use such Personal Information, the types of third parties to which we disclose that information, and the choices and means, if any, we offer you for limiting the use and disclosure of Personal Information about you. This explanation will be provided as soon as practicable and, in any event, before we disclose your Personal Information or use such information for a purpose materially different than that for which it was originally collected or processed.

Where Parse.ly collects or receives Personal Information about Visitors from our Customers, which occurs when we are acting as a provider of Services to our Customers on Customer Sites, we do so as a processor of Personal Information on behalf of our Customers. We will use such information in accordance with the notices provided to Visitors by our Customers and in accordance with the choices Visitors made with respect to such Personal Information, as communicated to us by our Customers. 

### Collection and Use of Information Through Our Site

_Visitor- and Customer-Provided Information_ : When Visitors visit our Site, we may collect certain types of information about you that you submit voluntarily. This information is "Personal Information" since it identifies you, and may include your name, address, email address, and telephone number. This may occur when you send us an email, submit a website form requesting information about Parse.ly or our Services, use an on-site live chat service, or otherwise communicate with us. Our legal basis for processing this information is your consent, the performance of a contract between you and us and our legitimate interests, namely the proper administration of our Site and communications with Visitors.

_Automatically-Collected Information_ : Whether you are a Visitor visiting our Site or acting on behalf of a Customer as part of the registration process, we may receive additional information about you that is collected automatically. This additional information may include Internet protocol (IP) address, domain names, browser, device type, access times, the web pages you view, and other tracked user actions. This information may also include Cookies (defined below), web bugs, device information, and navigational data like Uniform Resource Locators (URLs), which we may use to gather information regarding the date and time of your visit, as well as your geo-location (from your IP address). " **Cookies** " are small pieces of information that a website sends to your browser. "Session" Cookies do not track where you have been on the internet and do not gather information about you that could be used for marketing purposes. Session Cookies are only stored for the duration of your visit to the Site and are deleted from your device when you close your browser. "Persistent" Cookies are saved on your device for a fixed period of time after you close your browser and are activated each time you visit our Site. We use both "session" cookies and "persistent" cookies on our Site and in our Service. Standing alone, the Cookies we use do not personally identify you but merely recognize your web browser. Persistent Cookies can be removed by following your Internet browser help file directions. If you choose to disable Cookies, you may experience session errors and may need to log-in again each time you use the Services. Our legal basis for processing this information is consent and our legitimate interests, namely monitoring and improving our Site and Services.

_How We Use Information We Collect Through Our Site_ : We use information that we collect through our Site to respond to your requests, resolve problems, improve the quality of the Site and Services, and market our products or services and those of third parties to you. We may also anonymize Personal Information by removing identifying characteristics and aggregating it with the information of others so that it no longer constitutes "Personal Information". We may use such information to create compilations of aggregated data and/or statistics and reports, and any other uses without restriction. We may use information we collect through our Site to comply with our legal and regulatory obligations, policies and procedures, and for internal administrative purposes.

### Collection and Use of Information Through the Parse.ly Service

_Client-Provided Information From Customer Sites_ : When Visitors visit our Customer Sites, we may process information about you that is provided to us by our Clients. This additional information may include your Internet protocol (IP) address, universal unique identifier (UUID), domain names, browser, device type, access times, the web pages you view, and other tracked user actions. This information may also include Cookies, web bugs, device information, and navigational data like Uniform Resource Locators (URLs) to gather information regarding the date and time of your visit, as well as your geo-location (from your IP address). "Session" Cookies do not track where you have been on the internet and do not gather information about you that could be used for marketing purposes. Session Cookies are only stored for the duration of your visit to the Customer's Site and are deleted from your device when you close your browser. "Persistent" Cookies are saved on your device for a fixed period of time after you close your browser and are activated each time you visit the Customer's Site. We use both "session" cookies and "persistent" cookies in our Service. Standing alone, the Cookies we use do not personally identify you but merely recognize your web browser. Persistent Cookies can be removed by following your Internet browser help file directions. If you choose to disable Cookies, you may experience session errors and may need to log-in again when using Customer Sites. Our legal basis for processing this information is consent and our legitimate interests, namely delivering our Services to our Customers.

_Registration and Billing Information Through the Parse.ly Service_ : When Visitors access the Services on behalf of a Customer, we may process information about you that was provided by you when you registered, for example, the Customer's name, email address, and password (" **Registration Information** "). We also collect certain information from Visitors accessing the Services on behalf of a Customer, including credit card numbers and associated billing information (" **Billing Information** ") in order to process subscriptions. Our legal basis for processing this information is the performance of a contract between our Customer and us.

_How We Use Information We Collect Through the Parse.ly Service_ : We use information that we collect through the Parse.ly Service to provide our Services to our Customers; respond to your requests, resolve problems, improve the quality of the Services, and market our products or services and those of third parties to you. We will use Registration Information from our Customers only for purposes of authentication, and we will use Billing Information from our Customers only to process Customer payments. We may also anonymize such information by removing identifying characteristics (if any) and aggregating it with the information of others. We may use such information to create compilations of aggregated data and/or statistics and reports, and any other uses without restriction. We may use information we collect through the Parse.ly Service to comply with our legal and regulatory obligations, policies and procedures, and for internal administrative purposes.

## CHOICE  
(Disclosing Personal Information to Third Parties)

Parse.ly will offer you the opportunity to choose whether your Personal Information is to be used for a purpose materially different from the purpose for which it was originally collected or subsequently authorized by you.

Parse.ly does not request or knowingly receive or collect Sensitive Personal Information. Nonetheless, if at any point in the future Parse.ly receives or collects Sensitive Personal Information about you, Parse.ly will not process such information about you for purposes other than those for which the information was originally obtained or subsequently authorized by you unless you explicitly consent to the processing, or as required or permitted, or where not prohibited by law or regulation. " **Sensitive Personal Information** " means Personal Information that reveals race, ethnic origin, political opinion, religious or philosophical beliefs, trade union membership, genetic data, biometric data where processed to uniquely identify a person, any information that concerns medical or health conditions or sex life, or information relating to the commission of a criminal offense.

Parse.ly may disclose your Personal Information: To third-party vendors or service providers who help us provide the Services or the Site, including database hosting and data processing services, and assist us in responding to requests by you for information that you request (including your rights covered by the provisions in this Privacy Policy under Accessing and Controlling Your Personal Information); To third parties to whom you ask us to send your information; To a parent company, any subsidiaries, joint ventures, or other companies under a common control (collectively, " **Affiliates** "), provided that we require our Affiliates to honor this Privacy Policy; To a company that merges with us, acquires us, or purchases our assets, in which case such company may continue to process your Personal Information as set forth in this Privacy Policy; or If we believe in good faith that such disclosure is necessary to (a) resolve disputes, investigate problems, or enforce our Terms; (b) comply with relevant laws or to respond to requests from law enforcement or other government officials relating to investigations or alleged illegal activity or in connection with our own investigation of suspected or actual illegal activity, in which case we may (and you hereby authorize us to) disclose Personal Information without subpoenas or warrants served on us; or (c) protect and defend our rights or property or the rights and property of you or third parties; or (d) to prevent physical harm to an individual or financial loss.

### Opting Out of Collecting Information About You on Customer Sites  
(For Visitors to Customer Sites)

When Visitors visit our Customer Sites, we may process information about you that is provided to us by our Clients. If you prefer that we do not process Personal Information about you on Customer Sites provided to us by our Clients, please click [here](https://srv.config.parsely.com/optout), or contact us as set forth in the “Contact Us” section below. 

[CLICK HERE TO OPT OUT OF PARSE.LY TRACKING.](https://srv.config.parsely.com/optout)

Please note that this opt-out link sets a persistent cross-site cookie (also called a "third-party cookie") that instructs our standard integration module for the Parse.ly Service not to store information related to your usage. However, you may find it more convenient to leverage a tracking-protection service to opt out of our Parse.ly Service tracking. This is because, for technical reasons related to the default configuration of the software of third parties that we cannot control, our opt-out link does not work in every browser, operating system and device environment. To more effectively opt-out of Parse.ly tracking, you may use a "tracking script blocking tool", such as the "Tracking Protection" feature provided by the open-source Mozilla Firefox web browser. Similar tools exist for mobile applications and other browsers. To block Parse.ly tracking using these tools, you may blacklist this domain: pixel.parsely.com.

### Opting Out of Marketing Communications

If you receive marketing or promotional emails from us, you may unsubscribe at any time by following the instructions contained within the email or by sending an email to the address provided in the "Contact Us" section.

## ACCOUNTABILITY FOR ONWARD TRANSFER

In the performance of our Services and business operations, Personal Information we collect or receive may be stored or transferred internationally throughout our organization and to our service providers or agents, in accordance with applicable data privacy laws. Transfers to third parties are covered by the provisions in this Privacy Policy under Notice and Choice. 

Parse.ly will endeavor to obtain assurances that any such service provider or agent will provide at least the same level of privacy protection as is required by this Privacy Policy and, with respect to any Personal Information of EU individuals in the EEA and Switzerland and Swiss citizens, the Privacy Shield Principles (see below), and will notify Parse.ly if it makes a determination it can no longer meet this obligation.

Where Parse.ly knows that any third party to whom it has provided Personal Information is using or disclosing Personal Information in a manner contrary to this Privacy Policy, Parse.ly will take reasonable steps to prevent or stop the use or disclosure. With respect to such onward transfers to agents, and to the extent Parse.ly is responsible for the event, Parse.ly will remain liable should its agents process Personal Information in a manner inconsistent with the Privacy Shield Principles (where applicable) and this Privacy Policy.

## DATA SECURITY

We follow generally accepted industry standards to protect the information submitted to us, both during transmission and once we receive it. Taking into account the risks involved in the processing and the nature of the Personal Information we process, Parse.ly maintains appropriate administrative, technical, and physical safeguards to protect Personal Information in our possession against accidental or unlawful destruction, accidental loss, unauthorized alteration, unauthorized disclosure or access, misuse, and any other unlawful form of processing. This includes, for example, firewalls, password protection, encryption, and other access and authentication controls.

However, no method of transmission over the Internet, or method of electronic storage, is 100% secure. We cannot ensure or warrant the security of any information you transmit to us or store on the Service, and you do so at your own risk. We also cannot guarantee that such information may not be accessed, disclosed, altered, or destroyed by breach of any of our physical, technical, or managerial safeguards. If you believe your Personal Information has been compromised, please contact us as set forth in the "Contact Us" section.

We have a security incident response program designed to promptly respond to and escalate any potential privacy or security incident. If we learn of a security incident, we will inform you and the authorities of the occurrence of the breach in accordance with applicable law.

## DATA INTEGRITY AND PURPOSE LIMITATION

Parse.ly endeavors to use Personal Information only in ways that are compatible with the purposes for which it was collected or subsequently authorized by the Individual. Parse.ly will take reasonable steps designed to ensure that only Personal Information that is relevant to its intended use, accurate, complete, current, and otherwise reliable in relation to the purposes for which the information was obtained is used by Parse.ly for as long as Parse.ly retains possession of such information. Parse.ly's Personnel have a responsibility to assist Parse.ly in maintaining accurate, complete, and current Personal Information. When acting as a provider of Services to its Customers on Customer Sites, Parse.ly endeavors only to process Personal Information that is relevant to its Services, and for purposes compatible with those for which the Personal Information was collected; wherever possible, such Personal Information is non-identified.

## ACCESSING AND CONTROLLING YOUR INFORMATION

EU data protection law (notably, [GDPR](https://www.privacytrust.com/gdpr/)) makes a distinction between organizations that process Personal Information for their own purposes (known as "controllers") and organizations that process personal data on behalf of other organizations (known as "processors"). If you have a question or complaint about how your Personal Information is handled, these should always be directed to the relevant controller, since the controller has primary responsibility for your Personal Information.

(For Visitors to Customer Sites) When Parse.ly acts as a provider of Services to its Customers on Customer Sites, we are a processor in respect of Personal Information about Visitors to Customer Sites that Customers provide us. We have no direct relationship with Visitors to Customer Sites, and any such Visitors who seek access, or who seek to correct, amend, or delete their Personal Information should direct their inquiries to the relevant Customer which has transferred such Personal Information to Parse.ly for processing. We will assist our Customers in fulfilling their obligations under applicable law to respond to such requests by individuals to access or correct, amend, or delete their Personal Information. 

(For Visitors to Our Site) We are a data controller in respect of Personal Information that Customers provide us as part of their accounts and Visitors provide us when visiting our Site. Under laws in certain countries in which Parse.ly operates, Customers who manage their accounts through our Service and Visitors to our Site from those countries have a right to access Personal Information about themselves, and to amend, correct, or delete Personal Information that is inaccurate, incomplete, or outdated. Parse.ly will, upon request, provide you with confirmation regarding whether Parse.ly is processing Personal Information about you, consistent with applicable law. In addition, upon your request, Parse.ly will take reasonable steps to correct, amend, or delete your Personal Information that is found to be inaccurate, incomplete or processed in a manner non-compliant with this Privacy Policy or applicable law, except where the burden or expense of providing access would be disproportionate to the risks to your privacy, where the rights of persons other than you would be violated or where doing so is otherwise consistent with applicable law. Unless prohibited by applicable law, Parse.ly reserves the right to charge a reasonable fee to cover costs for providing copies of Personal Information that you request.

Please note that while any amendments, corrections, or deletions will be reflected in active user databases (as updated within a reasonable period of time), Parse.ly may retain all Personal Information for backups, archiving, prevention of fraud and abuse, analytics, and satisfaction of other legal obligations we reasonably believe applicable.

If you are accessing the Services on behalf of a Customer, you may review and/or change certain of your Personal Information by logging into the Site and accessing the Customer's Account. We may limit the Personal Information you can change on the Site. You authorize us to use and disclose any new or modified information that you provide in accordance with this Privacy Policy, and you agree that we are under no obligation to delete or modify information that you have previously chosen to provide us as to which you have not instructed us to take such action. Please remember, however, if we have already disclosed some of your Personal Information to third parties, we cannot access that Personal Information any longer and cannot force the deletion or modification of any such information by the parties to whom we have made those disclosures.

Upon your request, we will close your Account as soon as reasonably possible, in accordance with applicable law. We may continue to use your Personal Information in accordance with this Privacy Policy even after we have closed your account, except that we will not display it on the Site or through the Services in a manner that personally identifies you. In addition, we may retain your Personal Information to comply with laws, prevent fraud, resolve disputes, troubleshoot problems, assist with any investigations, enforce our Terms, and take other actions otherwise permitted by law.

## RECOURSE, ENFORCEMENT, AND LIABILITY

Parse.ly complies with the EU-U.S. Privacy Shield Framework and the Swiss-U.S. Privacy Shield Framework as set forth by the U.S. Department of Commerce regarding the collection, use, and retention of personal information from European Economic Area ("EEA") countries (and Iceland, Liechtenstein, and Norway) and Switzerland transferred to the United States pursuant to Privacy Shield. Parse.ly has certified that it adheres to the Privacy Shield Principles with respect to such data. If there is any conflict between the policies in this Privacy Policy and data subject rights under the Privacy Shield Principles, the Privacy Shield Principles shall govern. To learn more about the Privacy Shield program, and to view our certification page, please visit [https://www.privacyshield.gov](https://www.privacyshield.gov/)

Parse.ly is subject to the investigatory and enforcement powers of the Federal Trade Commission. We also use model contractual clauses and other mechanisms approved by the European Union and Switzerland, respectively, for transfers of Personal Information from the EEA and Switzerland. In certain situations, we may be required to disclose personal data in response to lawful requests by public authorities, including to meet national security or law enforcement requirements.

In compliance with the Privacy Shield Principles, Parse.ly commits to resolve complaints about your privacy and our collection or use of your personal information transferred to the United States pursuant to Privacy Shield. European Union and Swiss individuals with Privacy Shield inquiries or complaints should first contact Parse.ly by email at support@parsely.com

Parse.ly has further committed to refer unresolved privacy complaints under the Privacy Shield Principles to an independent dispute resolution mechanism, the BBB EU PRIVACY SHIELD, operated by the Council of Better Business Bureaus. If you do not receive timely acknowledgment of your complaint, or if your complaint is not satisfactorily addressed, please visit <https://www.bbb.org/EU-privacy-shield/for-eu-consumers> for more information and to file a complaint. This service is provided free of charge to you.

Parse.ly encourages you to raise questions about our processing or disclosure of your Personal Information by contacting us, as set forth in the "Contact Us" section below.

Parse.ly will undertake reasonable efforts to investigate and attempt to resolve complaints and disputes regarding use and disclosure of Personal Information in accordance with the principles contained in this Privacy Policy.

If your complaint involves human resources data transferred to the United States from the EU and/or Switzerland in the context of the employment relationship, and Parse.ly does not address it satisfactorily, Parse.ly commits to cooperate with the panel established by the EU data protection authorities (DPA Panel) and/or the Swiss Federal Data Protection and Information Commissioner, as applicable, and to comply with the advice given by the DPA panel and/or Commissioner, as applicable, with regard to such human resources data. To pursue an unresolved human resources complaint, you should contact the state or national data protection or labor authority in the appropriate jurisdiction. Contact details for the EU data protection authorities can be found [here](https://ec.europa.eu/justice/data-protection/bodies/authorities/index_en.htm). Complaints related to human resources data should not be addressed to the BBB EU PRIVACY SHIELD. 

If your Privacy Shield complaint cannot be resolved through the above channels, under certain conditions, you may invoke binding arbitration for some residual claims not resolved by other redress mechanisms. See Privacy Shield Annex 1 [here.](https://www.privacyshield.gov/article?id=ANNEX-I-introduction)

Any of our personnel that we determine are in violation of this Privacy Policy will be subject to disciplinary action up to and including termination of employment, where applicable.

## USE OF THIRD PARTY ANALYTICS

Parse.ly also uses analytics services provided by third parties, including, but not limited to, Google Analytics, Marketo, MixPanel, NewRelic, Intercom, and Wistia. These services use cookies to collect non-personally identifying information about details from Visitors of our Site and Services, including IP addresses, domain names, browser, device type, access times, the web pages you view, and other tracked user actions. These third-party analytics services provide us with reports based on this information in order to help us improve the quality of the Site and Services.

## FEEDBACK

If you provide feedback to us, we may use and disclose such feedback for any purpose, provided we do not associate such feedback with your Personal Information. We will collect any information contained in such feedback and will treat Personal Information therein in accordance with this Privacy Policy.

## THIRD PARTIES NOT GOVERNED BY THIS PRIVACY POLICY

This Privacy Policy addresses only Parse.ly's use and disclosure of information we collect from or about Visitors to our Site or to Customer Sites integrating the Parse.ly Service, or acting on behalf of a Customer as part of the registration process. The use and disclosure restrictions contained in this Privacy Policy do not apply to any third party and we do not control the privacy policies of third parties. If you disclose information to others, including to Visitors, you are subject to the privacy policies of those third parties where applicable.

The Site may contain links to other websites that are not owned or controlled by us. When you click on such a link, you will leave our Site and go to another site. During this process, another entity may collect Personal Information from you. We have no control over, do not review, and are not responsible for the privacy policies of or content displayed on such other websites.

## CHANGES TO THIS PRIVACY POLICY

This Privacy Policy is subject to revision from time to time on a going-forward basis. We will post any revised version of the Privacy Policy on this page. If we make any material changes to it, we may also send you notice thereof to the last email address you have provided to us. Continued use of our Services following notice of such changes will indicate your acknowledgement of such changes and agreement to be bound by the terms and conditions of such changes.

## CONTACT US

If, for whatever reason, you have any questions, comments, complaints, or compliments about the privacy of our Service or this Site, please contact our email support. Please also use this email address if you believe you have received a marketing communication from Parse.ly that you feel makes use of your Personal Information in an unauthorized or unwelcome way. Our support email is support@parsely.com.

This Privacy Policy was last revised: **July 23, 2019**.
