> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the partyaccount.com privacy policy that was archived on 2006-10-22. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20061022035332id_/https%3A//secure.partyaccount.com/about/privacy_s.htm) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# PartyAccount - About Us - Privacy

At PartyGaming, part of the PartyGaming Group (the 'Group'), we respect your privacy and are committed to protecting your personal information. We have created this Privacy Policy to let you know what information we collect when you use our services at our online sites (collectively, the 'Service'), why we collect this information and how we use the collected information.

We may periodically make changes to this Privacy Policy and will notify you of these changes by posting the modified terms on our online site. We recommend that you revisit this Privacy Policy regularly.

**1\. Information Collected**. We consider information that may be used to identify an individual, including, but not limited to, first and last name, date of birth, credit card information, home or other physical address, email address, phone number or other contact information to be 'Personal Information'. You may be asked to provide Personal Information when you use our website, register for an account or to use the Service. The Personal Information that we collect may include information such as: contact information (including telephone number), shipping information, billing information, transaction history, website usage preferences, and feedback regarding the Service. This information is held by us on servers based in Gibraltar and Canada and elsewhere from time to time. In addition, when you interact with the Service, our servers keep an activity log unique to you that collects certain administrative and traffic information including: source IP address, time of access, date of access, web page(s) visited, language use, software crash reports and type of browser used, which are essential for the provision of and the quality of the Service. We do not collect Personal Information about you on the Service without your knowledge. 

**2\. Means of Collecting and Processing Data**. We may automatically collect certain data as discussed above and receive Personal Information about you where you provide such information through the Service or other communications and interactions with PartyGaming. We may also receive Personal Information from online vendors and service providers that refer you to the PartyGaming site, and from customer lists lawfully acquired from third-party vendors. In addition, we may engage the services of third-party service providers to provide technical support, process your online transactions and maintain your online account. We will have access to any information you provide to such vendors, service providers and third-party e-commerce services and we will use the Personal Information as set out in section 3 below. This information may be disclosed only to our staff and to third parties involved in the completion of your transactions or in support of your use of the Service as set out in section 3 below. We take steps to ensure that our arrangements with third-party service providers and online vendors protect your privacy.

**3\. Information Use**. We use the Personal Information we collect from you to deliver our Service, to provide customer support, to undertake necessary security and identify verification checks, to process any of your online transactions, meet certain business requirements and for any other purpose related to the operation of the Service. Your Personal Information may also be shared with our affiliates, subsidiaries, agents and suppliers in order to provide the Service and provide you with promotional offers and information regarding Group products and services and in order for the Group to better provide a range of products and services and improved customer service. From time-to-time, we may request information from you via surveys or contests. Participation in these surveys or contests is completely voluntary, and, therefore, you have the choice of whether or not to disclose such information. Information requested may include contact information (such as name, correspondence address and telephone number), and demographic information (such as ZIP or postal code or age). If you choose to participate in a survey or contest and win, by accepting any contest prize or winnings from us, you consent to use of your name and likeness for advertising and promotional purposes without additional compensation, except where prohibited by law. Unless you have elected not to receive promotional information, we may also use your Personal Information (including your email address and phone number) to provide you with information regarding any similar products, services and promotions, including other online gaming products of ours (including online poker, casino and bingo services and selected third parties. We will not sell, lease or share your Personal Information except as set forth in this Privacy Policy. 

**4\. Certain Excluded Disclosures**. We may disclose your Personal Information if required to do so by law, or if we believe in good faith that such action is necessary to: (1) comply with any legal process served on us, any PartyGaming sites or the Service; (2) protect and defend our rights or property; or (3) act to protect the personal safety of users of the Service or the public. If, in our sole determination, you are found to have cheated or attempted to defraud PartyGaming or any other user of the Service in any way including but not limited to game manipulation or payment fraud, or if we suspect you of fraudulent payment, including use of stolen credit cards, or any other fraudulent activity (including any chargeback or other reversal of a payment) or prohibited transaction (including money laundering), we reserve the right to share this information (together with your identity) with other online gaming sites, banks, credit card companies, and appropriate agencies. 

**5\. Access**. You may 'opt out' of receiving any promotional communications either by choosing to opt out where such option is made available on the PartyGaming sites or the Service or in an em ail you receive from us, or at any time by sending [ an email](mailto:privacy@partyaccount.com), or by writing to us at Customer Service, WPC Productions Limited, 57/63, Line Wall Road, Gibraltar, under number 93313. In addition you may contact us at this addresses if you: 1) want to confirm the accuracy of the Personal Information we have collected about you; 2) would like to update your Personal Information or delete your Personal Information; and/or 3) have any complaint regarding our use of your Personal Information. If requested, we will change any information you have provided to us or mark any information to prohibit future use, provided that you provide evidence as we may reasonably require for such changes. 

**6\. Cookies**. Cookies are small text files that are stored on your computer or equipment when you visit certain online pages that record your preferences. We use cookies to track use of PartyGaming sites. We also may use cookies to monitor traffic to the site, improve the Service and make it easier and/or more relevant for your use.

**_When do we use cookies?_**

**During the registration process**  
These cookies will hold information collected during your registration and will allow us to recognize you as a customer and provide you with the services you require. We may also use this data to better understand your interests while online and to enhance your visits to our online sites. 

**On our website**  
For visitors to our website, we use cookies to collect information. Our servers use two different types of cookies: 

  * A 'session-based' cookie: This type of cookie is only allocated to your computer for the duration of your visit to our website. A session-based cookie helps you move around our website faster and, if you're a registered customer, it allows us to give you information that is more relevant to you. This cookie automatically expires when you close your browser. 
  * A 'persistent' cookie: This type of cookie will remain on your computer for a period of time set for each cookie. 



Cookies allow us to: 

  * Better understand your preferences and offer you more relevant promotional offers 
  * Identify your preferences when customizing content or functionality for you 
  * Confirm you are a registered user and save your login details when accessing certain services on our website 
  * Collect statistics on the use of our services 
  * We may also use cookies and web beacons to ensure that our mailing tools are working properly 



**_How can I refuse or opt out of cookies?_**

You have the ability to accept or decline cookies. Most web browsers automatically accept cookies, but, if you prefer, you can usually modify your browser setting to decline cookies. If you choose to decline cookies, you may not be able to experience all of the interactive features on the PartyGaming sites. 

If you wish to block cookies, please follow the relevant link below for instructions. 

[http://www.microsoft.com/windows/ie/default.mspx ](http://www.microsoft.com/windows/ie/default.mspx) or [http://help.netscape.com/default.jsp ](http://help.netscape.com/default.jsp)

**7\. Consent to Use of Electronic Service Providers**. In order to play real money games on the Service, you will be required to send money to and receive money from us. We may use third-party electronic payment processors and/or financial institutions ('ESPs') to process such financial transactions. By accepting this Privacy Policy, you consent to Personal Information necessary for the processing of transactions being shared with ESPs, including, where necessary, the transfer of information outside of your country. We take steps to ensure that our arrangements with ESPs protect your privacy. 

**8\. Consent to Security Review**. We reserve the right to conduct a security review at any time to validate your identity, age, the registration data provided by you and to verify your use of the Service and your financial transactions for potential breach of our [Terms and Conditions of Use](https://web.archive.org/about/legal_information_s.htm) and of applicable law. By accepting this Privacy Policy, you authorise us, our staff, affiliates, subsidiaries, agents and suppliers to use your Personal Information and to disclose your Personal Information to third parties for the purposes of validating the information you provide to us in the course of using the Services, including, where necessary, the transfer of information outside of your country. Security reviews may include but are not limited to ordering a credit report and/or otherwise verifying the information you provide against third-party databases. In addition, to facilitate these security reviews, you agree to provide such information or documentation as we may request. 

**9\. Consent to Use of Anti-Cheating Software**. Our software package - used to access and use the Service - contains certain features designed to detect use of automated programs that enable artificial (non-human) intelligence to play on our site. Use of such 'bot' software programs violates our Terms and Conditions, where we deem it detrimental to other players. By installing our software and using the Service, you consent to our software performing the functions described in this section. Our software may perform any or all of the following functions in order to detect the use of illicit automated programs and ensure that we maintain a 'cheat free' environment for all users: (1) scan your list of active software applications while you are using the Service; (2) scan your list of active processes while you are using the service; and (3) scan the files in your PartyGaming site-related program folders to ensure that only 'non-hacked' versions of our software are being used. If any of the foregoing processes reveals a suspect application or process, our software may scan the files associated with the suspect application or process and compile a composite mesh (i.e., a profile that characterizes the files associated with the application or process) to be matched against profiles for known illicit automated programs. Our software will not perform any random search of large portions of your hard drive, equipment or files, and it will not transmit any information to us or to any third party other than the information necessary to identify use of illicit automated program as described above. Our software will not alter any files or information on your computer or other equipment and will not interfere with the operation of any of your applications. You may terminate use of our software at any time by uninstalling the PartyGaming software package.

**10\. Security**. We understand the importance of information security and the techniques needed to secure information. We store all of the Personal Information we receive directly from you in a password-protected database residing within our secure network behind active state-of-the-art firewall software. PartyGaming online sites and the Service supports SSL Version 3 with 128-bit encryption. We take steps to ensure our subsidiaries, agents, affiliates and suppliers also employ adequate levels of security. 

**11\. Protection of Children**. The Service is not intended for or directed at persons under the age of 18 (or the lawful age in their respective jurisdiction). Any person who provides their information to us through any part of the Service represents to us that they are 18 years of age (or the lawful age in their respective jurisdiction) or older. It is our policy to endorse the Children's Online Privacy Protection Act of 1998 and to use our best efforts to comply with that Act. This may involve us having to access and verify your Personal Information. If we become aware that a minor has attempted to or has submitted personal information via the online site, we will not accept this information and will take steps to remove such information from our records. 

**12\. International Transfers**. Personal Information collected on the Service may be stored and processed in any country in which we or our affiliates, suppliers, subsidiaries or agents maintain facilities, and by using the Service, you consent to any transfer of information outside of your country (including to third countries that may not have been assessed as having adequate privacy laws). Nevertheless, we take steps to ensure that our subsidiaries, agents, affiliates and suppliers comply with our standards of privacy regardless of their location.

**13\. Third-Party Practices**. We cannot ensure the protection of any information or images that you provide to a third-party online site that links to or from the PartyGaming sites or any information collected by any third party administering our affiliate program or any other program, since these third-party online sites are owned and operated independently of us. Any information collected by these third parties is not governed by this Privacy Policy but by the privacy policy, if any, of such third party. If you have questions about a third party's information practices, please read its privacy policy. We assume no responsibility or liability whatsoever for the practices, actions or policies of such third parties, and we are not responsible for the content or privacy practices of such online sites.

**14\. Legal Disclaimer**. The Service operates 'AS-IS' and 'AS-AVAILABLE,' without liability of any kind. We are not responsible for events beyond our direct control. Because of the complex and constantly changing nature of our technology and business, we cannot guarantee nor do we represent that there will be error-free performance regarding the privacy of your Personal Information, and we will not be liable for any indirect, incidental, consequential or punitive damages relating to the use or release of Personal Information.

**15\. Merger**. If we should ever file for bankruptcy or be acquired by a third party, merge with a third party, sell all or part of our assets, or otherwise transfer substantially all of our relevant assets to a third party, we are entitled to share the Personal Information and all other information you have provided through the Service to potential and subsequent business and merger partners.

**16\. Consent to Privacy Policy**. By clicking 'Submit' or 'I agree' during the registration process or by your continued use of the Service following the posting of this Privacy Policy (as applicable), you agree to this Privacy Policy. This is our entire and exclusive Privacy Policy and it supersedes any earlier version. This Privacy Policy should be read in conjunction with our [Terms and Conditions](https://web.archive.org/about/legal_information_s.htm) and any additional applicable terms posted on our online sites. We may periodically make changes to this Privacy Policy and will notify you of these changes by posting the modified terms on our online sites. We recommend that you revisit this Privacy Policy regularly. 

Modified/Created [14th February 2006] 

If you have any questions, please contact our 24/7 [Customer Care team](https://web.archive.org/contact_us.htm).

Back to top
