> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the partstrain.com privacy policy that was archived on 2007-10-09. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20071009232155id_/http%3A//www.partstrain.com/company/privacy_policy.html) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# 

**PartsTrain.com** recognizes the importance of maintaining your privacy. We value our relationship with you and we appreciate the trust you show in providing information to us. Explaining how we collect, use and protect customer information is, therefore, of utmost importance to us. **By visiting PartsTrain.com, you are accepting the practices described in this Privacy Notice.**

**PartsTrain.com** does not rent, sell, or share personal information about you with other people or nonaffiliated companies except as disclosed in this privacy policy. Your information will not be shared without your permission.

**Information Collected:**

The information that we collect from you helps us personalize and continually improve upon your **PartsTrain.com** shopping experience. You have the option not to provide certain information; however, withholding information may prevent you from being able to take full advantage of some of our web site features.

This section of our privacy policy applies to all information collected by or submitted to **PartsTrain.com**. 

When you visit our site, we automatically receive and store any information you enter on our website. For example, you provide information when you search for a product; place an order through **PartsTrain.com** , provide information in your account; communicate with us by phone, e-mail; complete a questionnaire or any other way. As a result of those actions, you might supply us with such information as your name, address, and phone numbers; financial information, such as credit card or bank account numbers, including Social Security and driver’s license numbers; transactional information based on your activities on the Site and content you generate or that relates to your account; shipping, billing and other information you provide to purchase or ship an item, community discussions, chats, dispute resolution, correspondence through the Site, and correspondence sent to us;

Whenever you interact with us, we collect and analyze some data about you, which may include the full Uniform Resource Locator (URL) click stream to, through and from our website, including date and time; cookie number; products you viewed or searched for; and the phone number you used to call our 800 number. Your IP address is used for **PartsTrain.com** internal use only and helps us diagnose problems with our server and administer our web site. We also automatically track certain information about your activities on our web site. These may include: browser type and version, operating system and platform; statistics on page views, traffic to and from the Site, and ad data; standard web log information; and purchase history. We use this information to do internal research on your interests and to help us better understand and serve you. If you are a registered **PartsTrain.com** customer, we link this automatically-collected data to your personally identifiable information. We may collect and measure session information, including page response times, download errors, length of visits to certain pages, page interaction information (such as scrolling, clicks, and mouse-overs), and methods used to browse away from the page. 

We might also receive information about you from other sources and add it to our account information. Examples of these include updated delivery and address information from our carriers or other third parties, which we use to correct our records and deliver your next purchase or communication more easily; account information, page-view information from some merchants with which we operate co-branded businesses or for which we provide technical, fulfillment, advertising, or other services; search term and search result information including paid listings. Supplemental information from third parties may also include credit history information from credit bureaus, which we use to help prevent and detect fraud and to offer certain credit or financial services to some customers. For example, if the information you provide cannot be verified, we may ask you to send us additional information (such as your driver license, credit card statement, and/or a recent utility bill or other information confirming your address), or to answer additional questions online to help verify your information.)

We also store certain types of information when you interact with us on our web site. For example, we use "cookies" and can obtain certain information from your web browser. By transferring these alphanumeric identifiers or “cookies” that your browser creates at our request in an approved and standardized place on your computer, **PartsTrain.com** assigns you a unique customer code and records information about your activity on our site. When you visit or return to our site, we read the cookie to identify you as one of our customers and help you recall orders or preferences you have selected. The cookie also enables us to recall your past activities, post your account data, and tailor site elements and special offers to you. The cookie does not retain your billing information, nor does it save any of your personally identifiable information in an explicit fashion.

Most Web browsers accept cookies by default, but allow users to reject cookies by changing the browser preferences. If you have set up your browser to reject cookies, some aspects of our site, including our Shopping Cart, will not work properly. This privacy statement covers the use of cookies by **PartsTrain.com** only and does not cover the use of cookies by any advertisers.

We use third-party advertising companies to serve ads on our behalf. These companies may use a cookie or an action tag to track your response to their advertisement and to measure the effectiveness of their advertising or to award incentives or points to their members who respond to their advertisements. **PartsTrain.com** has no access to or control over these cookies. By using these Action Tags **PartsTrain.com** does not gain access to any of your information collected by these advertisers nor does it share any of your personally identifiable information such as your name, telephone number or address with these companies unless the advertiser or **PartsTrain.com** otherwise notifies you.

**PartsTrain.com** occasionally enters into cooperative marketing arrangements with independent companies. Under these cooperative marketing arrangements, our site may display the name and/or brand(s) of the independent company. Personally identifiable information that you supply to us while you are on our site, whether or not our site displays a name or brand of another company, will be handled in accordance with this **PartsTrain.com** Privacy Policy and will not be shared with the cooperative marketing company unless **PartsTrain.com** otherwise notifies you.

**Use of Information:**

To carry out certain business functions, such as order fulfillment or e-mail delivery, we sometimes hire other companies to perform these functions on our behalf. These companies have access to the information needed to perform their functions, but are required to keep it secure and confidential and not use it for any other purpose than completing their contractual requirements to **PartsTrain.com**. As a part of the normal process of completing your purchase, **PartsTrain.com** may provide your personal data to a third party payment processor, depending on your chosen method of payment. 

Any credit card or similar payment information you submit is used in billing for the specific transaction in which the information was submitted unless otherwise disclosed. Payment information is stored for a time on our secure servers to allow the processing of refunds or to respond to customer inquiries. Immediately after the completion of your **PartsTrain.com** online transaction, you may be presented with an opportunity to purchase third party products or services that we believe may be of interest to you. These products and services are offered by, and would be supplied by, independent companies not owned or operated by **PartsTrain.com**. If you select one of the presented offers, you will be redirected to the site of the third party. Information you provide to the third party and any dealings you have with the third party will be governed by the privacy and other policies of that third party. We will not provide your credit card or other payment details to a third party in connection with one of these offers unless you indicate to us that we are authorized to do so.

From time-to-time **PartsTrain.com** may provide you the opportunity to participate in contests or surveys on our site. If you participate, we will request certain personally identifiable information from you. Participation in these surveys or contests is completely voluntary and you therefore have a choice whether or not to disclose this information.

**PartsTrain.com** may use aggregate, non-personally identifying information for purposes that we deem necessary. For instance, we will use this non-identifying and aggregate information to better design our web site and to share with advertisers for marketing and promotional purposes. However, in these instances we do not disclose anything that could be used to identify you. We do not use or share the personally identifiable information provided to us online in ways unrelated to the ones described herein without providing you an opportunity to opt-out of such operations.

It is possible that in the future **PartsTrain.com** or its assets may be acquired by another company. It is also possible that **PartsTrain.com** may partner with or purchase another company to continue to do business as a combined entity. In the event that this occurs, it is possible that our customer information may be transferred to the new business entity as one of **PartsTrain.com** assets. In such an event, we will update this policy to notify you of such change in ownership or control of your personal information.

**PartsTrain.com** reserves the right to disclose account and personal information when we believe such disclosure is appropriate to comply with the law, to cooperate with an investigation of activities claimed to be unlawful, to enforce our Terms of Use or to protect the rights or property of **PartsTrain.com** or others.

**Secure Encryption**

We use Secure Socket Layer (SSL) technology, which is supported by the vast majority of modern Internet browsers. SSL works best when you are using the latest 128-bit encryption version of Microsoft Internet Explorer.

SSL technology represents the highest level of security available on the Internet. It automatically encrypts information traveling over the Internet, verifies the identity of the transacting servers through certificates and digital signatures, and confirms that the integrity of message content is maintained throughout transmission.

**PartsTrain.com** minimum requirement for transactions is the standard 40-bit or 56-bit encryption supported by the Internet Explorer 5.0 browser. If you are not using this browser, please refer to your browser's documentation for information on its security features.

We transmit the entire credit card number to the appropriate credit card company during order processing, but we reveal only the last five digits of your credit card numbers when confirming an order in compliance with Payment Card Industry Data Security Standard.

**Changes to this Privacy Policy:**

This privacy policy was last modified on 12/5/2006.

**PartsTrain.com** may revise this policy from time to time. If we decide to change our privacy policy, we will post those changes to this privacy statement so that you are aware of what information we collect, how we use it, and under what circumstances, if any, we disclose it. We reserve the right to modify this privacy statement at any time, so please review it frequently. Unless stated otherwise, our current Privacy Notice applies to all information that we have about you and your account. We stand behind the promises we make, however, and will never materially change our policies and practices to make them less protective of customer information collected in the past without the consent of affected customers.
