> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the h88.com.sg privacy policy that was archived on 2009-05-04. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20090504044625id_/http%3A//www.h88.com.sg/privacy.php) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# H88.com.sg » Privacy Policy

This privacy statement covers all of the H88 Media LLP sites ("H88.com.sg"). Please read this statement carefully before using proceeding to access H88.com.sg. Your use of H88.com.sg indicates your agreement to abide by the Terms in effect.

 **  
Information Collection**  
H88 Media LLP is the sole owner of the information collected on the H88.com.sg. H88 Media LLP may collect information from our users at several different points on the H88.com.sg.  
**  
Comments**  
In order to enhance their use of the H88.com.sg, users can choose to leave comments on particular articles of interest. Commenters may register anonymously. However, if a third party complains that a comment breaches our Terms of Service (e.g. libels them), then in accordance with our Terms, we will make reasonable efforts to contact the commenter and alert them to the situation. If we are required to by law to disclose commenters’ contact information, we will attempt to contact commenters to give them the opportunity to respond to such requests. Please refer to our [Terms of Use](http://www.h88.com.sg/terms.php) for more information.  
**  
Mailing Lists**  
H88 Media LLP may launch a mailing list for some or all of the H88.com.sg, in order to provide subscribers with relevant information - breaking news, or weekly or daily round-ups, for example. In order to sign up to receive regular emails from a site's mailing list, users must submit information including a valid email address and demographic information such as location and interests. This information will be used in aggregate form only in order to assess general user interest in various internal and third party products and services, and your personal and contact information will not be passed to any other organization. 

Users who choose to sign up for a mailing list will receive regular emails from the site. Most of the time, these will be content from the site in question, but we may occasionally send out an email from a third party sponsor. This will be infrequent, and does not represent an endorsement by H88.com.sg of any products advertised therein. It will clearly be marked as advertising: please check it out, as we hope you will feel that it is relevant to you. Since editorial independence is critical to us, you can be sure that we will never send out a sponsored email in the guise of a glowing product review. If you do not wish to receive emails from third party advertisers, please do not sign up for the mailing list.

**Discussion Group and Cookies**  
In order to further enhance the user experience, H88.com.sg runs a commenting service on some or all of the H88.com.sg where users can discuss common topics of interest. Users have the option of signing up for this service, and to do so must submit information including a valid email address. H88.com.sg uses this information to screen out users who leave comments prohibited by our terms and conditions of use and to pick out topics of interest to discussion board users. H88.com.sg will not pass this information to any other organization except in aggregate form. 

The discussion board service may use cookies. A cookie is a piece of data stored on the user's computer tied to information about the user. We may use both session ID cookies and persistent cookies. For the session ID cookie, once users close the browser, the cookie simply terminates. A persistent cookie is a small text file stored on the user's hard drive for an extended period of time. Persistent cookies can be removed by following Internet browser help file directions. 

By setting a cookie on a H88.com.sg, users will not have to log in a password more than once, thereby saving time while on the site’s discussion board. We store a cookie on each user's machine that contains a username and encrypted password. You can configure your browser to accept all cookies, reject all cookies, or notify you when a cookie is set. If you reject all cookies, you will not be able to use H88.com.sg products or services that require you to "sign in," and you may not be able to take full advantage of all offerings. However, not all H88.com.sgservices require that you accept cookies.

**Third Party Cookies**  
Some of our business partners may use cookies on our site (for example, advertisers). However, H88.com.sg has no access to or control over these cookies, once we have given permission for them to set cookies for advertising. This privacy statement covers the use of cookies by H88.com.sg only and does not cover the use of cookies by any advertisers. 

**Links**  
The H88.com.sg contain links to other sites. Please be aware that H88.com.sg is not responsible for the privacy practices of such other sites. We encourage our users to be aware when they leave our site and to read the privacy statements of each and every Web site that collects personally identifiable information. This privacy statement applies solely to information collected by H88 Media LLP.

**Log Files**  
Like most standard Web site servers we use log files. This includes internet protocol (IP) addresses, browser type, internet service provider (ISP), referring/exit pages, platform type, date/time stamp, and number of clicks to analyze trends, administer the site, track user’s movement in the aggregate, and gather broad demographic information for aggregate use. IP addresses, etc. are not linked to personally identifiable information. We may use a tracking utility that uses log files to analyze user movement.

**Business Transitions**  
In the event H88.com.sg goes through a business transition, such as a merger, acquisition by another company, or sale of a portion of its assets, users' personal information will, in most instances, be part of the assets transferred.

**Legal Disclaimer**  
Though we make every effort to preserve user privacy, H88.com.sg may need to disclose personal information when required by law wherein we have a good-faith belief that such action is necessary to comply with a current judicial proceeding, a court order or legal process served on any of the H88.com.sg.

**Notification of Changes**  
Whenever H88.com.sg changes its privacy policy, we will post those changes to this privacy statement, and other places we deem appropriate so our users are always aware of what information we collect, how we use it, and under what circumstances, if any, we disclose it.
