> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the good.com privacy policy that was archived on 2011-01-30. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20110130210105id_/http%3A//www.good.com/legal/privacy.php) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy Policy

  


## GOOD CUSTOMER PRIVACY POLICY

Good Technology, Inc. and our affiliated companies ("Good," "us" or "we") rely on you, our customers, for our success. Before using our products, services or our website ([http://www.good.com](http://www.good.com/), or "Website") we want you to know what information we may collect that identifies you personally, what we do with that information, and your choices about how that information will be used. We respect your right to privacy, and we've created this Customer Privacy Policy (our "Privacy Policy") to address these important issues. By requesting information about our products or services or visiting our Website, you are accepting the practices described in this Privacy Policy.

## Why Do We Collect Personally Identifiable Information?

Good provides innovative wireless enterprise solutions to our customers. If you request information about our products or services, we'll collect information that identifies you so that we can respond to your request. Likewise, if you order our products, services, product support, or related information, we'll collect your personally identifiable information so that we can fulfill your orders and provide you with requested product support. We'll use your personally identifiable information to let you know about upcoming products, services, software, events, promotions, contests, webinars, and other information we think you'd like to hear about. From time to time we may provide you with information about products of other companies that can add value to your Good products or services, and you may be contacted to participate in product or market research so that we can better understand and respond to your needs.

## What Personally Identifiable Information Do We Collect and How Do We Use It?

The information we collect about you will depend on your relationship with Good. We will share your information with Good's affiliated companies and those third party companies (for example, service carriers, authorized resellers, support providers, consultants, and companies who help us process your transactions - our "Supply Chain") that help sell our products and services, provide wireless services through our products, provide related products or services, or customer support. We've provided examples below, describing how Good or a third party company on our behalf will collect and use your personally identifiable information. If you have any questions or concerns at any time about how your personally identifiable information will be collected or used, please contact us at: [privacy@good.com](mailto:privacy@good.com)

## We will collect and use personally identifiable information in the following ways:

  * Provide You With Information About Our Products or Services: If you want additional information about our products or services, you'll be asked to provide certain personal information so that a sales representative from Good or an authorized reseller can contact you. This information will include your name, email address, telephone number, ZIP code or post code and country code.
  * To Purchase Good Products or Services: When you purchase Good products or services you'll be asked for information to facilitate that transaction. That information will include your name, job title, phone, fax, email address, shipping and billing addresses, and payment information. If you're responsible for payment, this will include your credit card type, number, expiration date, and your name as it appears on the card. That information will be shared by Good with our Supply Chain to help us process your order and payment. If you place an order for wireless service through Good, we'll request the information required by the carrier, and we'll understand that you've given us permission to transmit your order and personally identifiable information (including financial and other information) to a prospective service carrier so that carrier can perform a credit check and make decisions regarding service. If a company (usually your employer) is paying for products or services you receive, we may provide information to your employer (such as your name, the products and services you received, and the date service was activated) to allow your employer to cross-reference the products and services being paid for, and to verify that the appropriate number of licenses have been approved. If product will be shipped to you, we'll provide information to the company that ships the product on our behalf.
  * To Provide You With Product Support and Facilitate Returns: If you purchase product support from Good, we'll use your email address and telephone number to provide you with that support, including emailing you service updates from time to time. The product support will be provided by Good and our Supply Chain.
  * We do not access the content of your email or attachments that you send or receive using our products or services. If we provide support for your product, it is possible for us to tell if the device you're using is disconnected from the server, and to know the number of email messages you have pending, although we only access that information if needed to provide you with product support. In extremely rare situations, if you're experiencing difficulty with your Good product or service and our troubleshooting techniques do not resolve the issue, we might ask you to forward the application or content that appears to be causing the issue. You can always choose whether or not to do so. Information that you provide us for product support purposes will not be used for any other reason.
  * If you need to return a product you purchased from Good, we'll use the information you provide to allow us and our Supply Chain to facilitate the return.
  * To Provide You With Related Information: We may provide personally identifiable information about you to other third party companies to help process event registration, do market research, and engage in joint promotional activities with companies that have products that can add value to your Good products or services (for example with handheld device manufacturers). We do not share personal information with advertisers or marketing organizations, except for those that assist us with marketing.
  * When You Visit Our Website: The information we gather about you (if any) when you visit our Website depends on which part you visit. When visiting the Good Store, we use session cookies that temporarily identify you during your visit. Cookies are small bits of information that are stored on your computer and used to recognize and track a user's identity and avoid repetitive requests for the same information. When you order products or services from the Good Store we'll collect and share the information needed to process your order (see: "To Purchase Good Products or Services," above). If you purchase service online via the Good Store, Good may forward a cookie containing personally identifiable information to a carrier designated by you, to allow that carrier to evaluate and provide you with the requested service. The cookie will include no more information than that listed above (under "To Purchase Good Products or Services"). Once your order is complete, the session cookie is deleted at Good. Most browsers can tell you how to prevent your computer from accepting new cookies, how to disable cookies entirely, or notify you when you receive a new cookie. You can decide not to accept cookies when you visit the Good Store, but you may not be able to take advantage of all of the features of the Good Store and you may have to repeat information you previously provided. In addition, the Good Store may track aggregate user information (rather than personally identifiable information) to help us improve the user experience. For example, we may track the aggregate number of keystrokes and length of time it takes for on-line users to make a purchase at the Good Store, so that we can streamline and improve the shopping experience.
  * If you visit the Channel Partner portion of our Website you'll be asked to provide a user name and password for authentication. The partner portion of our Website does not otherwise track personally identifiable information. Neither the partner portion of our Website, or the rest of our Website, uses cookies. The rest of our Website may track aggregate user information, to help us improve the user experience. For example, we may track aggregate user information by industry, to enhance the responsiveness of our Website to the industries being served.
  * Good's Website contains links to other websites. We do not share your personal information with those websites and we are not responsible for their privacy practices. We encourage you to learn about the privacy policies of those other companies.
  * Our Website is not intended for, or directed to, anyone under the age of 13. Any person who provides personal information to Good through any part of the Website represents that they are at least 13 years of age or older.
  * Other Important Uses: We may disclose personal information if required by applicable law, if we have a good-faith belief that such disclosure is necessary to comply with legal process or public policy, or to protect the public, an individual's personal safety, or the property or interests of Good. Under such circumstances, we may be prohibited from providing notice of the disclosure, and we reserve the right not to provide such notice in our sole discretion.
  * As our business evolves, Good may sell, transfer or otherwise share some or all of its assets, including personal information, in connection with a merger, reorganization, or sale of assets, or in the event of bankruptcy. In such an event, personal and anonymous information may be one of the assets transferred.



## Choice

We want you to know that you can choose not to provide us with any information that identifies you personally. If you make that decision however, we won't be able to provide you with our products or services. Each e-mail message that Good sends you for marketing purposes will give you the choice of "opting-out" from receiving similar emails in the future. Or click [here](https://web.archive.org/web/20110130210105id_/http%3A//www.good.com/legal/int_optOutForm.php) to manually opt-out. If you don't opt out from receiving such future emails, we'll assume that we can continue to contact you for marketing and related purposes. If you choose to provide us with information that identifies you personally, and you later want to change how we use that information, please let us know by sending an email to: [privacy@good.com](mailto:privacy@good.com) If you change your request regarding how we can use your personally identifiable information, we will honor your most recent request. Personal information you provide cannot currently be deleted entirely, but we will honor any request not to contact you further.

## Access and Accuracy

Good will use reasonable efforts to keep your personal information accurate. Please help us ensure that the information you provide is accurate and up-to-date, as it will help us serve you better. You can update your personally identifiable information by contacting us at: [privacy@good.com](mailto:privacy@good.com).

## Security

Good has taken reasonable steps to secure the information you provide. For example, Good uses physical, electronic and administrative safeguards, including advanced firewall and password protection for our databases, which is designed to protect the security of data. The Good Store uses industry-standard Secure Sockets Layer (SSL) encryption on all web pages where your personal information is required. This is designed to protect the confidentiality of your personal information while it is transmitted over the internet. If you use a personal credit card to make payment, we will show only the last digits of your credit card when we verify your order. Good uses advanced encryption (currently DES 3) for all email and attachments that are sent or received using Good's products or services.

## Miscellaneous

If you have any questions or concerns about this Privacy Policy, or if you believe that Good may not have followed this Privacy Policy, please contact us as soon as possible at [privacy@good.com](mailto:privacy@good.com) and we will take commercially reasonable steps to address your issue.

Good's Customer Privacy Policy is incorporated into Good's Terms of Use. If there is any conflict between Good's Terms of Use and this Privacy Policy, the Terms of Use will prevail. We may update this Privacy Policy from time to time, and if we do, we will notify you of changes by posting a notice on our Website. The changes will become effective when posted, and your continued use of any of our products, services, or the Website will signify your acceptance of the new terms. If you do not accept the changes, please immediately discontinue use of our products, services and the Website. Please check back frequently to review our Customer Privacy Policy and to stay informed about how we treat personally identifiable information that we collect.

Good adheres to the Safe Harbor Principles. Personally identifiable information that is provided or gathered by Good is controlled primarily by Good Technology, Inc, 101 Redwood Shores Parkway, Suite 400, Redwood City, CA 94065, USA. This Customer Privacy Policy is effective May 10, 2004.

© 2010 Good Technology, Inc. All Rights Reserved.
