> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the goodlifereview.com privacy policy that was archived on 2014-04-13. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20140413214221id_/http%3A//www.pekupublications.com/privacypolicy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy Policy | PeKu Publications

**PEKU PUBLICATIONS, LLC. PRIVACY POLICY**

PeKu Publications, LLC. (“PeKu Publications”) values its users and their concerns about privacy. PeKu Publications engages in consistent information practices and uses reasonable commercial efforts to clearly disclose those practices. This Privacy Policy is a part of that effort. Except for your use of the SearchIgnite service provided by PeKu Publications (which is governed by the SearchIgnite privacy policy located at www.searchignite.com/privacy.html), the instances in which PeKu Publications collects, stores and uses information it obtains through your use of the PeKu Publications services (“Services”) are specifically set forth in this Privacy Policy. This Privacy Policy may be part of the terms and conditions or End User License Agreement (“EULA”) to which you agreed. If you use services provided by other companies owned by PeKu Publications, the collection, storage and use of information obtained through these services is governed by those companies’ privacy policies.

**What does this Privacy Policy cover?**  
This Privacy Policy applies to the collection, use, storage and disclosure of information by PeKu Publications through your use of the Services. If there are any exceptions, we will clearly disclose them prior to collecting any information, and will give you an opportunity to choose not to participate or provide the information. By using the Services, you consent to the collection and use of your information as we outline in this Privacy Policy. PeKu Publications may decide to change this Privacy Policy from time to time. When we do, we will post any changes here so that you are always informed of the information we collect, how we use it, and the circumstances under which we disclose it. Please be aware that the Services may provide links to Web sites operated by third parties, and also provide search results and similar services to third parties for display on their own Web sites or applications.

**Third Party Ads.**  
We may use other third-party advertising companies to provide ads when you visit or use our Web sites. These companies may use information (not personally identifying) about your visits to this and other Web sites in order to provide advertisements on this site, e and other sites and other forms of media about goods and services that may be of interest to you. If you would like more information about this practice and to know your choices about not having this information used by these companies, [click here](http://www.networkadvertising.org/managing/opt_out.asp).

**What information does PeKu Publications collect and use and what ways (if any) does PeKu Publications share this information with third parties?**  
PeKu Publications may collect any or all of the following types of information: (a) traffic or clickstream data, (b) cookies, (c) Internet Protocol (“IP”) addresses, or (d) contact information and other personally identifying information. PeKu Publications’s collection and use of each type of data is described below, as well as the ways (if any) in which the data may be shared with third parties.

**a. Traffic or Clickstream Data.** Data about traffic and usage, including keywords, search results, bids, time of search, time of click, browser type and default language setting, is not personally identifying or identifiable, and is not supplemented or combined with personally identifying or identifiable information. PeKu Publications may share information it collects with certain selected third parties, but only in anonymous form. Importantly, all information collected from a search query is recorded on a non-personally identifiable basis and is kept anonymous. PeKu Publications collects some information regarding use of the Services by observing browser functions and the files (pages) users access. For example, PeKu Publications’s servers collect information about the most frequently searched terms to help provide the most relevant search results, information about usage to check for fraudulent behavior or other abnormalities and to ensure that our Services are technically superior. In addition to the foregoing applications, PeKu Publications uses the information (in aggregate form) to better design and market the Services.

**b. Cookies.** Like many companies, PeKu Publications collects information about online behavior using cookies. If PeKu Publications is providing you with search optimization services, PeKu Publications tracks usage of your web site through cookies. These cookies contain identification information that enables us to offer you the most relevant advertisements and other content. Cookies let us know about repeat visitors and if we are delivering quality products and services. PeKu Publications may also use cookies to identify which sites our repeat visitors are coming from, so that we can place more of our online advertising on these sites, and can, where necessary, pay our affiliates and other business partners. To PeKu Publications, using information within cookies is an anonymous way to survey how we are doing and to look for ways to improve the value of the Services to you. You may set your browser software to reject cookies, but you may not be able to use all of the features of the Services. PeKu Publications may share information about usage of the Services with third parties, but only in aggregated, anonymous form. In the course of serving advertisements to this site, our third-party advertiser may place or recognize a unique “cookie” on your browser.

**c. IP Addresses.** An Internet Protocol (“IP”) address is a set of numbers that is automatically assigned to your computer each time you connect to the Internet. When you use your web browser to request a web page from another computer on the Internet, your web browser automatically gives that computer your IP address so that the data you request can be sent to your computer. Through your IP address, PeKu Publications may track your Internet usage, including identifying Affiliates and geographic location, which may be disclosed to advertisers, search engines and other partners.. PeKu Publications may strip a portion of numbers from your IP address and provide such information to our third-party advertising companies. This information collected by PeKu Publications though your IP address is not personally identifiable.

**d. Contact Information or Personally Identifying Information.** PeKu Publications may obtain access to your name, e-mail address, physical address, telephone number, fax number, social security number, federal tax ID number, credit card number and other contact or personally identifiable information.

When you become an advertiser with PeKu Publications, your contact information is used for billing, marketing and customer care purposes as well as for the purpose of approving and enabling your participation in the Services. Contact information specifically provided in connection with problems, comments or requests is used only to respond to those problems, comments or requests. This contact information is only provided to a third party if necessary to respond to the comment, problem or request. PeKu Publications disclaims all responsibility and will not be liable to you, however, for any disclosure of that information by any such third party…

PeKu Publications may also disclose the information it collects in aggregated and non-personally identifiable form to promote and market the Services.

PeKu Publications employs other companies and individuals to perform functions on our behalf, such as hosting and other technical services. To perform those functions, it may be necessary for these parties to obtain access to PeKu Publications’s servers that may contain personally identifying information. These parties are bound by appropriate confidentiality and security measures. PeKu Publications may also disclose personally identifiable information to its independent auditors, consultants and attorneys, all of whom are obliged to keep such information confidential.

PeKu Publications may also disclose the information it collects if required by law or to comply with a government agency request. In addition, as companies grow and change, we may buy and sell companies, subsidiaries and assets. In such transactions, customer information is generally one of the transferred business asset. In the event that PeKu Publications is acquired, you information may be one of the transferred assets.

**Is data stored by PeKu Publications secure?**  
To prevent unauthorized access, maintain data accuracy, and ensure the appropriate use of information, PeKu Publications has put in place physical, electronic, and managerial procedures to safeguard and secure the information it collects online. However, data security is a constantly evolving art and science. You should consider any communication that you transmit to PeKu Publications (such as data, questions or answers, comments, or suggestions) as non-confidential, and agree that PeKu Publications will not be liable or responsible if information that belongs to you is intercepted and used by an unintended recipient.

**Does PeKu Publications collect personally identifying information from or about children?**  
PeKu Publications uses reasonable efforts not to collect, use or disclose individually identifiable information from children under the age of 13. The Services are not targeted at children, and children may not register for any portions of the Services that require registration.

**How can I access or correct any personally identifying information about me?**  
To request a copy of the personally identifiable information you have sent to PeKu Publications, please send an e-mail containing your request to privacy@innovationinteractive.com. You must provide your full name and the e-mail from which the request is received (and to which the response will be sent) must match the e-mail on file with PeKu Publications. You may then correct or delete such information using the procedures specified in the e-mail.

**How do I find out more about PeKu Publications’s information practices?**  
If you have any questions about anything in this Privacy Policy, or about collection of personally identifiable information, or information generally, please contact PeKu Publications as follows:

**Legal Department**  
PeKu Publications  
844 Elm Street  
Suite 100  
Manchester, NH 03101

You may also use the above contact information if you think any information about you is inaccurate, incomplete, or if you want to change the sort of information about you that PeKu Publications may have collected.

Last Updated: March 19, 2014
