> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the goodix.com privacy policy that was archived on 2018-08-06. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20180806143939id_/https%3A//www.goodix.com/contact/secret.html) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Goodix-Fingerprint Module|Chip|Sensors,Windows 8 Touch Screen Sensor,Active Tablet Stylus-Goodix-Enrich Your Life Through Innovation

#### Privacy Policy

 **Information Collection**

Goodix fully respects your privacy, and shall spare no effort to protect your personal information. Generally, you will not be required to provide any personal information for browsing this Website. For specific purposes, in case you provide your name, gender, category and number of credentials, date of birth, country, title, occupation, contact details, services or information desired, customer code and other similar personal information that are required for registration or reading E-information by voluntarily filling in forms, you will be deemed having understood and accepted the use of your personal information and agreed that Goodix uses your personal information for the specific purposes Goodix will not sell or rent your personal information at any time under any circumstance. Your personal information will only be used for Goodix business purposes such as, to meet your requests for certain products, documentation and/or services, to send solicited information, to process an order, to conduct a transaction, to handle a job application or to perform market research. Your personal information may be shared with other Goodix offices or subsidiaries around the world.However, Goodix may provide certain portion of your personal information to law executive organs and government authorities as so requested; and Goodix might disclose certain portion of your personal information within a strictly limited scope of recipients when Goodix reasonably thinks it is necessary for protecting Goodix, its customers or the public. You shall have foreseen and agreed to the occurrence of such events when you provide your personal information.

 **Acceptance of Terms**

By accessing this Website, you acknowledge that you have read, understood and accepted the following terms. In case you do not understand or agree to any of the terms, you should immediately exit this Website. Goodix reserves the right to update the TERMS OF USE (TOU) at any time without notice to you. With regard to any behavior of violation against the provisions of the TOU, Goodix shall have the right to seek legal and fair remedies.
