> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the depotnet.com privacy policy that was archived on 2004-12-07. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20041207213911id_/http%3A//depotnet.com/about.php%3Fp%3Dpolicy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# 

|  |  |  |   
---  
At DepotNet.com, we recognize and respect the importance of maintaining the privacy of our customers and members and have established this Privacy Policy as a result. Below we describe why we gather customer and member information, what information we collect, how we collect it, what we use the information for and how you can instruct us if you prefer to limit the use of that information. This Privacy Policy is part of the Terms of Use, which governs your use of DepotNet.com.  
**Why do we gather information?**  
We gather personal information to allow us to process your orders, to provide an enhanced and more personalized shopping experience and to inform you of special offers and discounts.   
**What information do we gather?**  
When you order from our Web site, we may collect the following information: your name, telephone number, email address, billing address, shipping address products purchased, any relevant promotion code.   
**How we use "cookies"**  
A "cookie" is a small file stored on your computer by a Web site which gives you a numeric user ID and stores certain information about your activity on the site. We use cookies to let us know that you are a prior customer and to provide certain features to you, for example to store information on your product selections as you shop on our site, but we do not store any personal information or financial information about you using cookies.   
Most web browsers automatically accept cookies, but most allow you to instruct your browser to prevent the use of cookies. However, if you disable this feature, certain aspects of DepotNet.com, such as the shopping basket, will not function properly.   
**How we use the information we collect about you.**  
We use information we collect from you to process your orders, to provide an enhanced and more personalized shopping experience and to inform you and your gift recipients of offers and discounts from DepotNet.com or other sites and companies that we own. In addition, we periodically make such information, including aggregated information, available to selected third parties including but not limited to, those who trade or rent information for direct marketing purposes. However, we do not make you, or your gift recipient's email addresses available to third parties (except for subsidiaries, subcontractors or agents acting on our behalf in compliance with this Privacy Policy) or any Successor (see below) to our business. If you would like us to email you a notice when our Privacy Policy or Terms of Use change, please follow the instructions below. Any email sent to your gift recipients will include a link to our Privacy Policy and a link to use if they wish not to receive further emails. You may instruct us not to share personal information you provide with third parties by following the instructions provided below. A Successor to our business is not to be considered to be a third party for these purposes (see below). 

In the event of a merger, consolidation, or sale or transfer of all or substantially all of the assets or business of DepotNet.com (a "Successor"), one of the assets which would generally be transferred is the information we collect from our customers and members. However, the use of this information by any Successor would still be governed by the terms of this privacy policy, as amended from time to time, including any amendment after such transaction, and you will continue to have the right to opt-out of sharing your information with third parties. 

We may disclose any information you provide to DepotNet.com (i) when we believe disclosure to be appropriate to comply with any law, regulation, or governmental request, or to comply with judicial process; or (ii) if such disclosure is necessary or appropriate to operate this web site; or (iii) to protect the rights or property of DepotNet.com, its users, Sponsors, Providers, Licensors, or Merchants.   
  
**Your Security**  
Our Web site encrypts your credit card number prior to transmission over the Internet using secure socket layer (SSL) encryption technology. This technology works best when the site is viewed using Microsoft's Internet Explorer or Netscape Navigator. However, no transmission of data over the Internet or any other public network can be guaranteed to be 100% secure. Although we make reasonable efforts to safeguard your personal information once we receive it, we cannot warrant the security of information you transmit to us.   
**Your Consent and Changes to this Policy**  
Subject to the above provisions, by using our Web site, you consent to the collection and use of information by us and the terms of this Privacy Policy. We may change our Privacy Policy from time to time and we will post those changes so that you are always aware of what information we collect, how we use it, and under what circumstances we may disclose it. In addition, if you would like prior notice of changes to the Privacy Policy or Terms of Use, contact us. By using DepotNet.com, after such changes and posting, you agree to be legally bound and to abide by the changes and other provisions contained in the Privacy Policy and Terms of Use. 
