> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the top-law-schools.com privacy policy that was archived on 2016-06-23. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20160623094903id_/http%3A//www.top-law-schools.com/privacy.html) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy Policy

This Privacy Policy is for Top-Law-Schools.com ("TLS") which is owned by Top Law Schools LLC ("us", "our", "we"), a limited liability company organized under the laws of the State of Florida. This Privacy Policy can be found at http://www.top-law-schools.com/privacy.html as well as within the Terms of Service found at http://www.top-law-schools.com/terms.html which were last updated on February 13, 2014. We reserve the right to modify this privacy policy, and the most up-to-date version can be found through the above links.

In this privacy policy we describe the information we collect, how we use that information, and details about who we share information with.

Email address: In order to register to submit content to TLS you need to provide us with an email address. We send you a verification email to verify that the email address you provided belongs to you. We use your email address to provide you with the option of receiving notifications to give you a better experience when using the TLS forums or TLS wiki. We do not sell or rent your email address to any third party. If we ever decide to send you promotional emails, we will provide a clear way for you to opt-in or opt-out of receiving promotional emails.

IP addresses: Your IP address can reveal information about your location because it can reveal information about the location of the Internet Service Provider you use to access the Internet. We collect your IP address when you submit content to TLS, and we use this information to help prevent undesirable users, such as spammers, from posting content on TLS. With every forum registration we query the stopforumspam.com database to see if the registering IP address has been used in the past by spammers. Also, to help us prevent undesirable users from posting content on TLS, we share your IP address(es) with the moderators with the requirement that moderators agree not to disclose information such as IP address without an appropriate reason, such as a moderator being required to do so by law.

Server logs: With each page view our server automatically collects standard log file information such as your IP address, browser type, operating system, the referring web page, pages visited, and search terms. We use this information to manage the server that hosts TLS.

Cookies: Like most websites, some parts of our website use cookies, which are small data files that are stored on your computer when you visit a website. We use cookies to provide a better user experience such as by remembering which forum and wiki user account you browser is logged into. You have options to manage cookies. For example, you can set your browser to refuse all cookies or to indicate when a cookie is being sent. You can also delete cookies. However, please keep in mind that some aspects of TLS and other websites may not function properly without cookies enabled. There may also be third-party cookies sent while you are using TLS which are discussed in the "third-party embed codes" section below.

Third-party embed codes: On TLS we have embedded code from various third parties such as Google Adsense, Google Double Click for Publishers, Google Analytics, and Amazon Associates. The purpose of us placing third-party code on TLS is to serve relevant advertisements to our visitors and to help us understand how our visitors as a whole use TLS. With the third-party embed codes placed on TLS these third parties can do things such as collect information directly from you like your IP address, send/recognize cookies and anonymous identifiers to/from your device, access device specific information, and use a cookie that collects anonymous traffic data. This enables the third parties to do things such as show you advertisements while on TLS based on previous visits you may have made to other websites.

Email correspondence: Your email correspondence with us is kept private. However, for email correspondence related to forum bans and other forum related issues, such as a feature request, we may share certain applicable portions of your email within a private forum to seek the advice and input of the moderators.

Private message feature: The content of your private messages is designed to only be shared with your intended recipient. However, we reserve the right to investigate private messages sent by certain individuals to prevent abuse of the private messaging system. We do not share the contents of your private messages with the moderators.

Anonymous post feature: The content of your anonymous posts is shared with the public but the identity of the user who submitted the post is kept hidden from the public. However, this author identity information is made known to the moderators for the purpose of preventing abuse of the anonymous post feature.

Linking wiki/forum accounts: Each wiki account is associated with a particular forum account, and this information is designed not to be shared with the public unless you select a wiki username that is the same as your forum username. However, associations between wiki and forum accounts are made known to the moderators for the purposes of preventing undesirable users from posting content on TLS.

Forced disclosure: The private information we gather from you may be disclosed to judicial or other government agencies subject to warrants, subpoenas, or other governmental orders.

Public information: Unless specifically mentioned above, all other information you submit to TLS is public information. Once the information becomes public it may no longer be possible for you to remove it. In the past we have helped some people who made the mistake of publicly revealing too much information about themselves, but we have also declined requests to scrub public information from TLS, so please consider carefully the future consequences of all content you submit to TLS.

How to contact us: In the footer of almost every page on this site, including this page, is a link to our contact page which provides information on how to contact us. Our mailing address is: Top Law Schools LLC, 2637 E Atlantic Blvd #21442, Pompano Beach, FL 33062.

Other information: We implement a variety of security measures to maintain the safety of your personal information. However, like many websites, TLS uses the standard http protocol and not secure https protocol, which means there is no SSL encryption on the information you send to and receive from TLS.
