> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the top10antivirussoftware.com privacy policy that was archived on 2016-11-01. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20161101234658id_/https%3A//www.top10antivirussoftware.com/privacy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy Policy | Top 10 Antivirus Software

This privacy policy ("Privacy Policy") describes our, Top10BestAntivirus’s (together with our affiliated websites and platforms, "Top10", "we", "our" or "us"), information practices in connection with the website http://www.top10antivirussoftware.com (together with its subdomains, features, and services available thereon, the "Site"). The section and sub-section headings used below are for convenience of reading only (and are not to be used for interpretive purposes), but we hope they make navigating this Privacy Policy easier. 

Top10 does not itself host the Site – all hosting is done by third party hosting providers that we engage. This means that information you provide us or that we or third parties collect from you (including any Personal Information) is hosted with such third party service providers on servers that they own or control. Regardless of where such third party service providers themselves are based (and some are US-based), their servers may be located anywhere in the world (including the US). Your information may even be replicated across multiple servers located in multiple countries. So please be aware that you are consenting to your information being transferred to various third party service providers around the world.

Generally speaking, Top10 receives information because: 

(a)    You have provided it to us;  
(b)    We collect it from you; and/or  
(c)    Third parties we engage (such as data analytics providers) collect it from you on our behalf. This happens in cases where we use or deploy third party technology, or where we otherwise give these third parties access to our Site or technology. So where we describe below in Section ‎4 (Information We Collect from You) the ways in which we collect information from you, you acknowledge that such collection may also be carried out by third parties, and such third parties may have their own privacy policies and therefore won't necessarily adhere to this Privacy Policy.      
The information we receive may be about you as well as the ways in which you use the Site. For the purposes of this Privacy Policy, "Personal Information" means information that may be used, either alone or in combination with other information, to personally identify an individual, such as a first and last name, an email address, phone number, a home or other physical address, and other contact information.

1.    Terms of Use. This Privacy Policy forms part of the Site's Terms of Use (the "Terms of Use"), the definitive version of which can be viewed at [Terms of Use page](https://www.top10antivirussoftware.com/terms). Any capitalized term in this Privacy Policy that we don't define, shall have the meaning given to it in the Terms of Use.

2.    Consent and Modification.  You are not legally obligated to provide us with Personal Information (and you acknowledge that providing us with Personal Information is done freely). Nor are you required to use the Site in the first place. By using the Site you consent to this Privacy Policy and to our information practices described herein. If you do not agree to this Privacy Policy, please do not access or otherwise use the Site. We reserve the right, in our sole and absolute discretion, to change this Privacy Policy at any time. Such change will be effective ten (10) days following posting of the revised Privacy Policy on the Site at top10antivirussoftware.com, and your continued use of the Site after such 10-day period shall mean that you accept those changes. 

3.    Information You Provide To Us. Currently, we require you to provide us with certain types of information in order to use the Site and some of its features and services. Here are some examples:

3.1.    Lead Generation. The Site lists and compares various businesses and commercial entities (collectively, "Partners") and their respective products and/or services (collectively, "Products"). If you want to receive more information about a Partner or a Product, or if you otherwise want to pursue a transaction with a Partner, and you click through the relevant Partner icon or tab, you may be directed to a landing page (the "Landing Page"); similarly, you may also be directed to the Landing Page through other websites and online searches. In either case, however, you will be prompted to submit certain information on the Landing Page, including Personal Information such as your name, email address, and phone number (such information collectively, "Landing Page Info"). You agree that your submission of Landing Page Info also establishes a relationship between you and the Partners to/with whom we send or share the Landing Page Info.

3.2.    ‘Contact Us’. If you send us a ‘Contact Us’ (or similar) request, whether by submitting an online form that we make available, by sending an email to an email address that we display, by using a feedback or reporting feature, or by other means, you may be required to provide us with certain Personal Information, such as your name and email address.

3.3.    Blogs, Newsletters, Surveys and Promotions. The Site may contain a blog forum, reviews, and articles displaying information about Top10, our services, Partners, Products, and the relevant market vertical. The Site may also offer you the opportunity to subscribe to newsletters and participate in surveys and other promotional activities (some of which may be administered by Top10, and some of which may be administered by third parties we engage, such as TrustPilot). In each of the foregoing cases, your interaction (such as responding on the blog forum, subscribing to a newsletter, or participating in a survey) may require you to provide certain Personal Information such as your name and email address.

4.    Information We Collect From You. We collect information (including Personal Information) from you in the following ways:

4.1.    Log Files; Device and Usage Data. We collect information through server log files, but also by deploying tracking technologies within the Site (which may include tracking technologies of Partners). We do this to analyze trends, track user movement around the Site and user clicks through to other websites, gather demographic information, and to generally collect information that we may find insightful or helpful. The type of information collected may include (but is not limited to) internet protocol (IP) addresses, MAC address, device type, browser type, browser version, operating system type, screen resolution, user agent, user identifier, user language, URLs and traffic channels (such as the previous URLs or platforms you visited), keyword searches and bids, city, region code, country, latitude, gender, age, Internet Service Provider (ISP), date/time stamp of Site use, referring/exit pages, clicks, timing for clicks and pageviews, and clicked pages. For example, the Site uses Google Analytics, more information on which you can find here: https://www.google.com/intl/en/policies/privacy/partners/.

4.2.    Cookies and Other Tracking Technologies. The Site may use "cookies" and other tracking technologies (such as "web beacons" and "pixel tags"). A cookie is a text file placed on your hard drive and stored by your browser. Some of the cookies are set by us, and some may be set by third parties (for example, social media plug-ins on the Site, such as a "Like" button, involve the setting of cookies by the applicable third party). If you do not want to receive cookies, consult your respective browser settings. This may allow you to receive notifications when cookies are set, or to otherwise block cookies altogether. You may also be able to delete cookies that have already been set. If you do block or restrict cookies, you will still be able to use the Site, but various features and functionality may be impaired. 

We use cookies and other tracking technologies to administer the Site and to provide you with access to it; but we also use cookies and tracking technologies to improve the user experience of the Site (for example, certain cookies may serve to recall an IP address or preferences previously indicated by a user) and to collect statistical or anonymous data about how you and other users use and interact with the Site, which may include for the purpose of serving you advertisements. See www.aboutads.info/choices for information about how you can opt out of the collection of such information for advertising. 

5.    The Way We Use Personal Information. In addition to the uses of Personal Information described elsewhere in this Privacy Policy, we also use Personal Information in the following ways:

5.1.    Partners and Products. We may send or otherwise share your Landing Page Info to/with the Partner about whom (or about whose Product) you wanted to receive more information or otherwise wanted to pursue a transaction with (the "Corresponding Partner" and "Corresponding Product", respectively). If your submission of Landing Page Info was not in respect of a specific Partner or Product that you clicked through, then we may send or otherwise share your Landing Page Info to/with multiple Partners. In either case, you acknowledge that: (a) the Partners may contact you using that Landing Page Info; (b) we do not control the way in which the Partners contacts you, or the subject matter of such contact; (c) each Partner may have its own privacy policy and so it won't necessarily adhere to this Privacy Policy (however, we do try to engage Partners that post a privacy policy); and (d) Partners may be based (and their servers may be located) anywhere in the world. 

We may also contact you to discuss and share information about Partners and their respective Products, as well as about partners, products, and services listed on other websites that are affiliated with us. The way in which we contact you may be via email, phone, cell phone (including use of automated dialing equipment and pre-recorded calls and messages), and/or text messages (SMS/MMS), and we may contact you using Landing Page Info as well as Personal Information collected from you as described in Section ‎3.4 (Blogs, Newsletters, Surveys and Promotions).

5.2.    To Generally Provide You With the Site. We will use your Personal Information to: (a) administer and provide the Site to you; (b) further develop and generally improve the Site; (c) send you updates, promotions, offerings, or other news of/about the Site and/or Top10; (d) respond to your inquiries and other communications with you; (e) identify or authenticate your access and use of the Site; and/or (f) send you advertisements or other third party marketing content.

5.3.    Transfer To Affiliates. We may send or otherwise share your Personal Information to/with our affiliated entities for the purpose of storing such information on our behalf, or for other processing needs. These affiliated entities may be based (and their servers may be located) anywhere in the world. We require these affiliated entities to agree to process such Personal Information in accordance with this Privacy Policy.

5.4.    Third Parties. We may send or otherwise share your Personal Information to/with various third parties that help us with our business operations (for example, customer service operators and email administration providers), that help us understand how our users use the Site, and to improve the Site generally. These third parties may have their own privacy policies that they adhere to, so they won't necessarily adhere to this Privacy Policy; however, we do try to engage third parties that post a privacy policy. Also, these third parties may be based (and their servers may be located) anywhere in the world.

See [Schedule1 page](https://www.top10antivirussoftware.com/schedule1) attached below for examples of third parties we engage. 

5.5.    Enforcement. We may share your Personal Information with any third party if we believe that disclosure of such information is helpful or reasonably necessary to: (a) comply with any applicable law, regulation, legal process, or governmental request; (b) enforce the Terms of Use, including investigations of potential violations thereof; (c) detect, prevent, or otherwise address fraud or security issues; and/or (d) protect against harm to the rights, property or safety of Top10, our affiliated entities, our users, yourself, and/or the public.

6.    Publicly Available Information. Any content that you make publicly available on or via the Site will be publicly available to other users of the Site. If you actively or passively allow your contact information to be public, you may receive unsolicited messages or activity from other users of the Site. We therefore encourage you only to post information that you are sure you want to be publicly accessible. 

7.    Access and Accuracy; Deletion. We would like to maintain accurate Personal Information. If you would like to delete or correct your Personal Information that we may be storing, please contact us at contact@top10antivirussoftware.com to request deletion (although we do not undertake to respond to, or otherwise implement, the request within any specific period of time). Please be aware that information deleted (whether directly by you or pursuant to a delete request) may or may not be deleted permanently, and may remain stored on our servers. We, in our sole and absolute discretion, decide whether or not to permanently delete information from our servers. 

8.    Opt-Out. You may choose not to receive future promotional, advertising, or other Site-related emails from us by selecting an unsubscribe link at the bottom of each email that we send. Please note that even if you opt out of receiving such emails, we may still send you administrative emails to facilitate your use of the Site.

9.    Links to and Interaction with Third Party Properties. The Site may link to third party websites (such as those of Partners), content, and other online properties (collectively, "Third Party Properties"). Data associated with your clicking through to such Third Party Properties, as well as any Personal Information you provide on such Third Party Properties, is provided to the third party (although Top10 and its affiliated entities may have arrangements with such third parties pursuant to which such data and Personal Information is sent or shared back to/with us). We are not responsible for the privacy practices of such third parties, or for such Third Party Properties, and we encourage you to read the terms and conditions and privacy policy of each Third Party Property that you choose to use or interact with. 

10.    Children’s Privacy. The Site is not designed to attract children under the age of 13. Accordingly, we do not intend to collect Personal Information from anyone we know to be under 13. If we learn that we have collected Personal Information from a child under 13, we will use commercially reasonable efforts to delete that information as quickly as possible. If you believe that we might have any such information, please contact us at contact@top10antivirussoftware.com.

11.    Security. We use administrative, physical and technical safeguards to protect Personal Information. However, no method of transmission over the Internet, or method of electronic storage, is 100% secure. Therefore, while we try to use reasonably acceptable means to protect your Personal Information, we cannot guarantee its absolute security or confidentiality. If you have any questions about security on the Site, you can contact us at contact@top10antivirussoftware.com.

12.    Merger, Sale or Bankruptcy. In the event that Top10 or one of our affiliated entities is acquired by, or merged with, a third party entity, or otherwise sells all or part of our/its assets, we may (and hereby reserve the right to) transfer or assign the Personal Information and other information we have collected or received. In the event of a bankruptcy, insolvency, receivership, or comparable event, we may not be able to control how your Personal Information is treated, transferred, or used. 

13.    California Privacy Rights. California Civil Code Section 1798.83 permits our customers who are California residents to request certain information regarding our disclosure of Personal Information to third parties for their direct marketing purposes. To make such a request, please send an email to contact@top10antivirussoftware.com. Please note that we are only required to respond to one request per customer each year. 

14.    Our California Do Not Track Notice. We do not currently respond or take any action with respect to web browser “do not track” signals or other mechanisms that provide users the ability to exercise choice regarding the collection of Personal Information about that user's online activities over time and across third-party web sites or online services. We may allow third parties, such as companies that provide us with analytics tools, to collect Personal Information about an individual consumer’s online activities over time and across different web sites and services when a user uses the Site. 

15.    Deletion of Content from California Residents.  If you are a California resident under the age of 18, California Business and Professions Code Section 22581 may permit you to remove content or information you have publicly posted. If you wish to remove such content or information and you specify which content or information you wish to be removed, we will do so in accordance with applicable law. Please be aware that after removal you will not be able to restore removed content or information. In addition, such removal does not ensure complete or comprehensive removal of the content or information you have posted and that there may be circumstances in which the law does not require us to enable removal of the content or information. 

16.    Commitment. Protecting your privacy online is an evolving area, and we try to evolve our Site to meet these demands. If you have any comments or questions regarding our Privacy Policy, please contact us at contact@top10antivirussoftware.com.  

Last updated: February 21, 2016
