> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the topdoctorsonline.com privacy policy that was archived on 2011-01-04. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20110104234723id_/http%3A//www.topdoctorsonline.com/privacypolicy.html) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy Policy - TopDoctorsOnline.com

|  |  |  Medisurge Technologies’ Privacy Statement |   
---|---|---  
|  | We at Medisurge Technologies Pvt. Ltd (parent company of TopDoctorsOnline.com) respect your privacy and take the issue of Internet privacy very seriously.

By accepting the Medisurge Technologies Terms of Service, you consent to the use and disclosure of personal information that you provide to us as outlined in this Privacy Statement. As Medisurge Technologies improves its services, we may modify the Privacy Statement, and urge you to check here for updates from time to time.  
  
---  
**This document hereby notifies you of the following:**  
1\. What personally identifiable information of yours or third party personally identification is collected from you through the web site   
2\. The organization collecting the information   
3\. How the information is used   
4\. With whom the information may be shared   
5\. How TopDoctorsOnline.com protects Your information  
6\. What choices are available to you regarding collection, use and distribution of the information   
7\. The kind of security procedures that are in place to protect the loss, misuse or alteration of information under Medisurge Technologies control   
8\. How you can correct any inaccuracies in the information.  
9\. What TopDoctorsOnline.com's contact address is for privacy questions  
  
**WHAT PERSONALLY IDENTIFIABLE INFORMATION OF YOURS IS COLLECTED OR THIRD PARTY PERSONALLY IDENTIFICATION IS COLLECTED FROM YOU THROUGH THE WEB SITE.**  
  
a. Information collection and use  
Medisurge Technologies Pvt. Ltd. (through TopDoctorsOnline.com) is the sole owner of the information collected on this Site. We will not sell, share, transfer or rent any personal information to others in ways different from what is disclosed in this statement and the Terms of Use. TopDoctorsOnline.com collects information from you on the Profile and Registration pages ("Profile pages") on our Site. Medisurge Technologies reserves the right to collect, disseminates, sell or otherwise disclose non-personal information provided by you.  
Medisurge Technologies collects information from our users at several different points on our website.www.TopDoctorsOnline.com

b. Registration Information   
In order to use our website(s), both Medisurge Technologies Clients/members and Medisurge Technologies Experts must first complete the registration form. During registration we request users' contact information, such as name and email address. This information is used to contact the user about the services on our site for which they have expressed interest, and is also used as the user's sign in information. It is optional for the user to provide additional personalized information (such as experience and qualifications) and unique identifiers (such as a screen name), but encouraged so we can provide a more personalized experience on our site. During the Registration process, you have the ability to "opt-out" of receiving Medisurge Technologies newsletters and promotions.

c. Personal Profile  
Once a registered participant, You may provide additional information in Your personal profile describing your credentials, professional experiences, academic background, biography and the like. Your personal profile shall be available for viewing by other registered participants of TopDoctorsOnline.com and will be considered non-confidential and non-proprietary. Providing additional information in Your personal profile beyond what is required at registration is entirely optional and can be altered or removed by You at any time.

d. IP Addresses  
Every computer connected to the Internet is given a domain name and a set of numbers that serve as that computer's Internet Protocol or "IP" address. When You request a page from any page within the Site, our Web servers automatically recognize Your domain name and IP address. The domain name and IP address reveal nothing personal about You other than the IP address from which You have accessed the Site.  
For the purposes of inviting and introducing third parties to TopDoctorsOnline.com, You will be given the option to import or otherwise provide email addresses of third parties to TopDoctorsOnline.com. In so doing, TopDoctorsOnline.com will not store or disseminate your username or affiliated password nor solicit or spam any third party email addresses so provided.

e. Third Party Email Addresses  
For the purposes of inviting and introducing third parties to TopDoctorsOnline.com, You will be given the option to import or otherwise provide email addresses of third parties to TopDoctorsOnline.com. On so doing, TopDoctorsOnline.com will not store your username or affiliated password.

f. Children's and Minor's Privacy  
TopDoctorsOnline.com strongly encourages parents and guardians to supervise the online activities of their minor children and consider using parental control tools available from online services and software manufacturers to help provide a child-friendly online environment. These tools also can prevent minors from disclosing their name, address, and other personally identifiable information online without parental permission. Although the Site is not intended for use by minors, TopDoctorsOnline.com respects the privacy of minors who may inadvertently use the Internet.  
PARENTS: You should always supervise your children's use of the Internet. For information about commercially available products to assist you in filtering material that you may consider harmful to minors, please see http://worldvillage.com/wv/school/html/control.htm or other similar sites.

g. Choice/Opt-out  
Our users are given the opportunity to 'opt-out' of having their information used for purposes not directly related to our site at the point where we ask for or send information. Our registration form has an 'opt-out' mechanism to allow for removal from newsletters, promotions, etc., and registered users can always choose to 'opt-out' by following the appropriate mechanism from within "My Medisurge Technologies", their personal zone within Medisurge Technologies. Users of our site will always be notified when their information is being collected by any outside parties. We do this so our users can make an informed choice as to whether they should proceed with services that require an outside party, or not.  
  
**HOW THE INFORMATION IS USED**  
a. Use of Personal Health Information  
TopDoctorsOnline.com does not collect personal health information about individuals. You may provide and submit information to the TopDoctorsOnline.com server. Within Your uploaded submission, TopDoctorsOnline.com does not collect or maintain information that would associate this submission with a specific patient or individual, until and unless you choose to be a part of a special group for sharing your experiences and getting benefits from other members.  
b. Sale of Assets, Merger, Acquisition, Bankruptcy  
Information collected from you may be transferred to a third party as a result of a sale or acquisition, merger or bankruptcy involving TopDoctorsOnline.com.  
c. Cookies  
A cookie is a piece of data stored on the user's hard drive containing information about the user. Usage of a cookie is in no way linked to any personally identifiable information while on our site. Once the user closes their browser, the cookie simply terminates. For instance, by setting a cookie on our site, the user would not have to sign in his or her email and password more than once, thereby saving time while on our site. If a user rejects the cookie, he or she may still use our site. The only drawback to this is that the user will have to sign in each time he or she visits the site. Cookies can also enable us to track and target the interests of our users to enhance the experience on our site.You can reset your Browser to refuse all cookies or allow your browser to show some of our business partners may use cookies on our Site. However, we have no access to or control over these cookies. TopDoctorsOnline.com and our business partners may use cookies to better personalize the content, banners, and promotions that you see on the website.  
d. Log Files  
We may use IP addresses to analyze trends, administer the site, track user's movement, and gather broad demographic information for aggregate use. IP addresses are also linked to personally identifiable information in order to better the user's experience when using our site. We may also retain any emails, letters, or other correspondence between you and Medisurge Technologies to ensure quality control and the best possible service, although we have no obligation to do so.  
**WITH WHOM THE INFORMATION MAY BE SHARED**  
  
a. Sharing  
We currently do not share aggregated demographic information with our partners and advertisers, but may do so in the future. This will not be linked to any personal information that can identify any individual person. We use a credit card processing company to bill users for use of the Medisurge Technologies service. These companies do not retain, share, store or use personally identifiable information for any secondary purposes. We reserve the right to partner with another party to provide specific services. When the user signs up for these services, we will share names, or other contact information that is necessary for the third party to provide these services. These parties are not allowed to use personally identifiable information except for the purpose of providing these services.

b. Spam  
TopDoctorsOnline.com maintains a strict "No-Spam" policy, which means that TopDoctorsOnline.com does not intend to sell, rent or otherwise give your e-mail address to a third party without Your consent.

c. Legal Requests  
TopDoctorsOnline.com cooperates with law enforcement inquiries, as well as other third parties, to enforce laws and third party rights, such as intellectual property rights and laws relating to fraud. Therefore, in response to a verified request by law enforcement or other government officials relating to a criminal investigation or alleged illegal activity, or other activity that may expose us or you to legal liability, TopDoctorsOnline.com can (and You authorize TopDoctorsOnline.com to) disclose Your personal data and other information about You as TopDoctorsOnline.com, in its sole discretion, believes necessary or appropriate.

d. Consulting  
TopDoctorsOnline.com may partner with another party to provide specific services. When You sign up for these services, TopDoctorsOnline.com will share names, or other contact information that is necessary for the third party to provide these services. Per TopDoctorsOnline.com's contractual arrangements with parties, these parties are not allowed to use personally identifiable information except for the explicit purpose of providing these services.  
Medisurge Technologies hosts its own site (www.TopDoctorsOnline.com) as well as sites for Medisurge Technologies partners (typically some variation of www.TopDoctorsOnline.com///partners). Medisurge Technologies uses a similar registration process for users at our partner sites, and only Medisurge Technologies stores personally identifiable information collected at these sites. Any questions arising from collection of information through the Medisurge Technologies service at our partner sites should be directed to service@TopDoctorsOnline.com.

e. Services through the Site   
You provide us with information during the process of using the Medisurge Technologies service. We break down users of our service into two categories, Clients and Experts (you may register as both a Client and an Expert). Clients must provide financial information such as a credit card number and expiration date in order to pay for and use the Medisurge Technologies service. Experts must provide contact information, like name and mailing address, in order to receive their payment from Medisurge Technologies. The information we collect from both Clients and Experts is to provide users with the best possible Medisurge Technologies service. If we have trouble providing that service, we may use contact information to get in touch with the user.

f. Member Client-Expert Communication Using the Medisurge Technologies Service  
The main purpose of Medisurge Technologies is to allow registered Medisurge Technologies Experts to provide Clients with services that the Clients need. Experts and Members can negotiate and enter into a contract for a service using the Medisurge Technologies site. Certain communications may be recorded and maintained by Medisurge Technologies. Medisurge Technologies does not screen or edit the content of communications between Clients and Experts. Such communications are personal and private unless both parties agree to additional distribution. Information that is relayed between the Client and the Expert during either the negotiation phase of their relationship or during the actual relaying of service is kept completely confidential, and no other users of Medisurge Technologies have access to this information.

g. Publicly Accessible Information  
Medisurge Technologies makes Public Boards (e.g. Q&A etc.) available to its registered users. The Public Boards allows members to post questions etc. that can be viewed by any Expert. All postings, descriptions, etc. are public to registered members and Experts. Medisurge Technologies clearly denotes to its users which communications are visible to all registered users and those that are visible to a specific, individual user only.  
  
When you participate in a www.TopDoctorsOnline.com. Forum including, but not limited to, Titles, Posts, Votes, Discussion Boards, and Blog Comments, Your name and IP address may be recorded for purposes of maintaining Your own account within the Forums, and preventing abuses of the Forums. This information is not used to personally identify you outside the TopDoctorsOnline.com community. In order to diffuse the information in the Site's Forums to a wider audience, TopDoctorsOnline.com may, from time to time, collect some of your postings and group them together to use in a specific publication, print, electronic mailing or other public dissemination. At no point however will your name or IP address be revealed in any publication. In addition, when your postings are used in this fashion, they may be edited to fit with the general content of the publication being prepared. It is important to remember that whenever you voluntarily disclose personal information in a forum, through e-mail or elsewhere, that information can be collected and used by others. If your personal information is accessible to the public, you may receive unsolicited messages from other parties in return. Ultimately, you are solely responsible for maintaining the secrecy of your personal information.   
**Use of Information Available Through Medisurge Technologies**  
To ensure both Clients and Experts with the best service possible on our site, and to facilitate communication among Clients and Experts, Medisurge Technologies provides email addresses to Clients and Experts only under specific circumstances, including but not necessarily limited to participants involved in disputed and unpaid transactions. By reviewing Medisurge Technologies’ Terms of Service and approving Medisurge Technologies’ Legal Agreement, registered users of Medisurge Technologies agree to use the Public Board area and all communication facilities provided by Medisurge Technologies exclusively for interaction associated with Medisurge Technologies services and their delivery. Registered users may not use information gathered through a Medisurge Technologies transaction to defame, abuse, harass, stalk, threaten or otherwise violate the legal and civil rights of any other registered user. Registered users may not use information gathered through a Medisurge Technologies transaction to sell any goods or services for any commercial purpose outside the scope of the Medisurge Technologies service. Email addresses and personal information may not be used to forward surveys contests, pyramid schemes or chain letters, or to post the same message repeatedly (a practice referred to as "spamming"). Medisurge Technologies may terminate the ability of any Client or Expert to use the Medisurge Technologies service.  
**Our Partners and Links to Other Sites**  
Medisurge Technologies maintains sites for some of its partners. All sites are maintained on Medisurge Technologies servers (own or hired or exclusive arrangement), and all personally identifiable information is stored solely by Medisurge Technologies. We do record the Partner web site from which a visitor has linked to Medisurge Technologies. If a visitor registers to become a Client and/or an Expert, Medisurge Technologies may track the partner's name, in order to further the relationships Medisurge Technologies has with its partners. This web site contains links to other sites, for example to download software that improves the user's Medisurge Technologies experience. Please be aware that Medisurge Technologies is not responsible for the privacy practices of such other sites. We encourage our users to be aware when they leave our site and to read the privacy statements of each and every web site that collects personally identifiable information. This privacy statement applies solely to information collected by this Web site.  
**Tell-A-Friend**  
If a user elects to use our referral service for informing a friend about our site, we ask them for the friend's name and email address. Medisurge Technologies will automatically send the friend a one-time email inviting them to visit the site. Medisurge Technologies stores this information for the sole purpose of sending this one-time email. The friend may contact Medisurge Technologies at service@TopDoctorsOnline.com to request the removal of this information from their database.  
**Security We Provide**  
This website takes every precaution to protect our users' information. When our registration form asks users to enter sensitive information (such as a credit card number), that information is encrypted. We use the industry standard Secure Socket Layer (SSL) encryption and firewalls to protect against loss, misuse, and alteration of any personal data under our control. While on a secure page such as our registration form, there is a "locked" icon on the bottom of Web browsers such as Netscape Navigator and Microsoft Internet Explorer. If you have any questions about the security at our website, you can send an email to service@TopDoctorsOnline.com.  
**Links**  
The Sites, www.TopDoctorsOnline.com.com, may contain links to other sites. The linked sites are not necessarily under the control of TopDoctorsOnline.com. Please be aware that TopDoctorsOnline.com is not responsible for the privacy practices of such other sites. TopDoctorsOnline.com encourages You to be aware when You leave this Site and to read the privacy policies of each and every web site that collects personally identifiable information. If You decide to access any of the third-party sites linked to this Site, You do this entirely at Your own risk. Any links to any partner of the Site should be the responsibility of the linking party, and TopDoctorsOnline.com shall not be responsible for notification of any change in name or location of any information on the Site.  
**Correction/Updating Personal Information**  
If a user's personally identifiable information, such as a mailing address, changes, or if a user no longer desires our service, we will endeavor to provide a way to correct, update or remove that user's personal data provided to us. This can usually be done at the "My Medisurge Technologies" page, the user's personal zone within Medisurge Technologies, or by emailing our Customer Support at service@TopDoctorsOnline.com.  
**Contacting Us**  
If you have any questions about this privacy statement, the practices of this site, or your dealings with Medisurge Technologies, please contact us by clicking the ‘Contact us’ link on the button of any TopDoctorsOnline.com page  
|  |   
  | 
