> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the topdeck.travel privacy policy that was archived on 2011-12-31. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20111231214245id_/http%3A//www.topdeck.travel/privacy-policy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy Policy

Topdeck Tours Ltd is committed to the privacy of both existing and prospective clients, and our company respects and shares concerns of our clients over the protection of their personal information. It is for this reason Topdeck adheres to the privacy sector provisions of the Privacy Act 1998.

**Your personal information**

We will only gather personal information that is necessary for the operation of the organisation in order to deliver the best possible product and service to you. The types of personal information that we collect from you will depend on the circumstances of collection, and on the type of service you request from us. These purposes include registering to receive e-mail newsletters, requesting further information about our trips, making a booking or simply asking a question about the Topdeck Tours products. When you request us to make your travel arrangements, we may collect details such as your name, address, flight and other travel details, credit/debit card number and expiry date, billing address, telephone numbers, dietary requirements (if any) and medical conditions relevant to your travel arrangements. As we are required by law to obtain your consent to the collection of 'sensitive information' we will assume that you have consented to the collection of all information that is provided to us for use in accordance with this Policy, unless you tell us otherwise. There may be occasions when we collect information about you from a third party, for example from people booking travel on your behalf.

**Accuracy of information**

When collecting, using and disclosing personal information we will take all reasonable measures to ensure the information is accurate, complete and up-to-date.

We will correct any personal information as soon as it becomes available. If at any time should the individual to whom the information relates establishes that it is not accurate, complete or up-to-date we will endeavour to correct this as soon as possible.

**Anonymity**

You have the option of dealing anonymously with any member of Topdeck Tours Ltd. Please note there will be circumstances where anonymity will not be possible to complete your transaction with us. However, please be assured the information you supply will be treated securely and carefully.

**Security of information**

We will take all reasonable steps to protect your personal information supplied. This includes appropriate measures against unauthorised access, modifications, misusage and disclosure.

We will also take reasonable steps to destroy or permanently de-identify personal information if it is no longer required. This destruction of personal information will be by secure means, for example shredding, pulping or disintegration.

Personally identifiable information is stored on servers that are not publicly accessible. Further, personally identifiable information is only accessed by Topdeck Tours Ltd employees on a 'need to know' basis. Credit Card details are NOT stored on our database when you book, or buy products on our site.

**Access and Correction**

All personal information about an individual held by the Topdeck Tours Ltd will be made available to the individual upon request. If upon this disclosure it is established that the information is not accurate, complete and up-to-date Topdeck Tours Ltd will take reasonable steps to correct the information. This disclosure of information will be supplied within a reasonable time frame.

**Identifiers**

We will only use unique identifiers generated at random upon data entry. We will in no circumstance use identifiers generated by the Commonwealth Government, Commonwealth Government agencies or contracted service providers, for example your tax file number or Medicare number as our identifiers.

**International disclosure of information**

Transfer of personal information overseas will only occur within Topdeck Tours Ltd You can be assured all our organisations in international territories are subject to similar information privacy schemes and will be treated in the same manner you would expect in Australia. We may disclose personal information if required by law in order to comply with legal process.

**Disclosure to third parties**

We will most importantly not sell, rent or trade your personal information to any other third party. The only organisations to have access to your personal information are members of Topdeck Tours Ltd, as listed above.

We will contract out services at times that involve disclosing personal information, however, we will to the best of our knowledge ensure the companies we use are reputable and are bound by similar confidentiality standards.

**Anonymous information collected on this site**

Anonymous clickstream information is collected from every visitor to this site. We use this information to ensure our site remains relevant and appropriate for the majoirty of users. We do not make any association between this information and a visitor's personal details.

**Direct Marketing**

We conduct all direct marketing efforts to provide the best service and product to you. We may at times send you information and offers that we feel may be of interest to you. If you no longer wish to receive any direct marketing material please contact info@topdecktravel.co.uk at any time.

We are comply with the Spam Act 2003, and do not share, sell or rent information to any third parties. If you receive information from Topdeck Tours Ltd it is because you have asked to hear from us, you have entered a competition and agreed to join our mail list, or a friend / colleague has requested it on your behalf and you have confirmed this to us or we have contacted you through publicly accessible directories or databases.

**Access to your personal information**

Any request for information may be made to Topdeck Tours Ltd Head Office at Level 2, 107 Power Road, Chiswick, W4 5PY, United Kingdom or via telephone on +44 208 9873300, email [Topdeck.](mailto:info@topdecktravel.co.uk)

**Links**

This site may contain links to other websites. Please note that when you click on one of these links, you are entering another site. We encourage you to read the privacy statements of these linked sites as their privacy policy may differ from ours.

**Complaints about a breach of privacy**

All staff members of Topdeck Tours Ltd endeavour to take every reasonable measure to ensure that your personal information is protected. Any complaint of breach of privacy may be made to the Managing Director, Topdeck Tours Ltd at Level 2, 107 Power Road, Chiswick, W4 5PY, United Kingdom. All complaints will be investigated as soon as lodged and all reasonable efforts will be made to resolve the complaint as soon as possible.
