> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the topperlearning.com privacy policy that was archived on 2012-09-20. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20120920074551id_/http%3A//www.topperlearning.com/home/privacy_policy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Online Coaching Courses | Online Tuition Classes | Effective Education Methods | CBSE Question Papers | Topper Sample Papers Maths | NCERT Chemistry | Physics | Biology | Tutorials for Class 9 to 12 | Topperlearning.com

**General**  
Greycells18 (hereinafter referred to as "Topper" "we" "our" or "us" in this Privacy Statement) respects the privacy of your personal information as explained in this Privacy Statement. Personal information is information about an identifiable individual. This Privacy Statement provides information about what personal information Topper collects and how we use that information in India whether provided on or off line. This Privacy Statement also provides direction on what to do if you do not want your personal information collected or shared and how to contact our company with respect to personal information. 

**Explore Topperlearning.com products**  
By access and use of this Website (the "Site") you accept and agree to be bound by and comply with these legal terms of use (the "Disclaimer"). By using this Web site you represent that you have read and understood these terms and conditions and agree to be bound by these terms and conditions. Furthermore by using this Web site you represent that (i) you have the capacity to be bound by these terms and conditions and (ii) if you are acting on behalf of a company or other entity you have the authority to bind such company or entity.

We recognise that by providing us with personal information you are demonstrating your trust in our company and we take that trust very seriously. We collect and use this personal information to respond to your inquiries and to better understand your needs and how we can improve our products and services. We reserve the right at all times to collect use and disclose any information where required or permitted by law or regulatory authority to do so or to protect the legitimate interests of Topper.

Where applicable Topper also transfers your personal information to our Service Providers hired to administer or provide products services or information on our behalf. We require the organisations with whom we share your personal information for these purposes to use your personal information only to perform the services we have hired them to provide.

**Your Consent**  
If you choose to provide personal information to Topper we assume that you consent to the collection use and disclosure of your personal information as described at the time of collection and as outlined in this Privacy Statement. Your consent may be express or implied depending on the circumstances and the sensitivity of the personal information in question. If you do not consent please do not provide your personal information or where applicable exercise the opt-in or opt-out options offered. Subject to legal and contractual requirements and reasonable notice you may refuse to consent to our collection use and disclosure of your personal information. 

**Use Without Consent**  
There are instances where Topper may collect use or disclose your personal information without your consent for example to collect a debt you owe to us to comply with a subpoena or court order or to comply with the rules of court regarding the production of records or to comply with the directions of any quasi judicial regulatory or any government authority.

**"Cookies" - What information is being stored?**  
From time to time we may set up websites in support of specific promotions. When you view one of our websites or online advertisements or promotions we may store some information on your computer in the form of "cookies" or similar files. This information stored on your computer's hard drive does not contain any personal information, but enables us to communicate more meaningfully with you. These cookies also enable you to use our website more efficiently by storing your login information. With most Internet Browsers you can erase cookies from your hard drive block all cookies or receive a warning before a cookie is stored. Please refer to your Browser instructions or Help screen to learn more about these functions. As most Websites do however, we do track usage patterns on our Website on an anonymous basis. Your identity cannot reasonably be ascertained from this information. Each time you visit our Website our server records your Internet Service Provider the date and time of your visit the pages you visit and the documents downloaded the searches you performed and the referring URL's you came from. We use this non-personal information to optimise our Website service.

**Changes to this Statement**  
Topper reserves the right to change this Privacy Statement at any time and we will take reasonable steps to advise you of any material changes. However you should review this Privacy Statement from time to time to ensure that you are aware of and accept any changes made. For example your continued consent to our collection, use and disclosure practices following notification of any material change and/or your continued access of our Website following the posting on the Website of any material changes to the privacy statement will signify your acceptance of and agreement to be bound by the terms of the modified Privacy Statement. 

**Privacy Policy for Horlicks Examskool**  
GlaxoSmithKline Consumer Healthcare Limited (GSKCH), a company incorporated under the Companies Act, 1956 having its registered office at Patiala Road, Nabha, Punjab-147201 and the corporate office at DLF Plaza Tower, DLF City Phase I, Gurgaon 122002 is only the financial sponsor ("Sponsor") of the EXAMSKOOL-HORLICKS site. EXAMSKOOL-HORLICKS is a micro-site ("Site") under the website "Topperlearning.com". "Topperlearning.com" is one of the websites under GREYCELLS18 MEDIA LIMITED Sites which are owned by GREYCELLS18 MEDIA LIMITED. Further, GSKCH is not responsible or liable for any personal information collected on this Site neither the content posted on this Site. GSKCH, the Sponsor of the Site does not hold responsibility for the selection of the Winners, for any contest being conducted on this Site and / or the procedure used to select the Winners and / or any part of the Contest being conducted on the Site except for being the Sponsor. 

"GlaxoSmithKline Consumer Healthcare Limited, the Sponsor of the Site does not hold responsibility for the selection of the Winners, the procedure used to select the Winners or any part of the Contest being conducted on the Site except for being the Sponsor." 
