> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the topsimilarsites.com privacy policy that was archived on 2018-12-29. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20181229084351id_/http%3A//www.topsimilarsites.com/privacy.aspx) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy Policy - Top Similar Sites

The privacy of our visitors to TopSimilarSites.com is important to us. 

  


At TopSimilarSites.com, we recognize that privacy of your personal information is important. Here is information on what types of personal information we receive and collect when you use visit TopSimilarSites.com, and how we safeguard your information. 

We never sell your personal information to third parties.

## Log Files

As with most other websites, we collect and use the data contained in log files.  The information in the log files include  your IP (internet protocol) address, your ISP (internet service provider, such as AOL), the browser you used to visit our site (such as Internet Explorer or Firefox), the time you visited our site and which pages you visited throughout our site. 

## Cookies and Web Beacons

We do use cookies to store information, such as your personal preferences when you visit our site.  This could include only showing you a popup once in your visit, or the ability to login to our site to managed your listings.

We also use third party advertisements on TopSimilarSites.com to support our site.  Some of these advertisers may use technology such as cookies and web beacons when they advertise on our site, which will also send these advertisers (such as Google through the Google AdSense program) information including your IP address, your ISP , the browser you used to visit our site, and in some cases, whether you have Flash installed.  This is generally used for geotargeting purposes (showing New York real estate ads to someone in New York, for example) or showing certain ads based on specific sites visited (such as showing cooking ads to someone who frequents cooking sites).

You can chose to disable or selectively turn off our cookies or third-party cookies in your browser settings, or by managing preferences in programs such as Norton Internet Security.  However, this can affect how you are able to interact with our site as well as other websites.  This could include the inability to login to services or programs, such as logging into forums or accounts.

## Sharing your personal information

We do not sell, trade, or otherwise transfer to outside parties your personally identifiable information. This does not include trusted third parties who assist us in operating our website, conducting our business, or servicing you, so long as those parties agree to keep this information confidential. We may also release your information when we believe release is appropriate to comply with the law, enforce our site policies, or protect ours or others rights, property, or safety. However, non-personally identifiable visitor information may be provided to other parties for marketing, advertising, or other uses.

## Third party links

Occasionally, at our discretion, we may include or offer third party products/services and other links generated by our similar site database on our website. We do not control the content or links that appear on these sites and are not responsible for the practices employed by websites linked to or from our website. In addition, these sites or services, including their content and links, may be constantly changing. These sites and services may have their own privacy policies and customer service policies. Browsing and interaction on any other website, including websites which have a link to our site, is subject to that website's own terms and policies. Nonetheless, we seek to protect the integrity of our site and welcome any feedback about these sites. 

## Changes to our Privacy Policy 

  


If we decide to change our privacy policy, we will post those changes on this page, and/or update the Privacy Policy modification date below.

This policy was last modified on 20/06/2013

### Popular Tags

printer contacts drivers device experts nokia lakes comic grove soul massage salud beautiful searches vacances instant skiing ofertas chain emploi wiki lists banks grow carte baskets foro charles hunter speech specialty lady leather dynamic rica sustainable safari islands concrete send
