> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the topshareware.com privacy policy that was archived on 2008-06-21. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20080621035138id_/http%3A//www.topshareware.com/info/privacy_policy.aspx) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy Policy - TopShareware.com

  
Our site is advertiser supported to bring you free content. For this reason, TopShareware.com (as do many other sites) tracks user traffic patterns generally throughout the site. This helps us to better understand what pages our site visitors are viewing most while on our site so we can continue to improve our site content. TopShareware.com also furnishes our advertisers with some of this broad demographic data. This information is essential to advertisers and is important so that we can keep our content free. It is our policy not to sell, or share the names, addresses or private contact information of any of our customers with third parties. If you have questions about how one of our advertisers uses information about you when you click their ad and go to their content, please contact them directly or visit their web sites for more information. Shopping on TopShareware.com is a currently a service offered by a third party business and commerce partner "Digital River." Digital River is a trusted brand on the internet and all e-commerce transactions conducted through this service are conducted through industry-accepted secure methods.

**Use of Cookies  
**Cookies are very common on the internet. They are small, inoccuous text files that websites use to remember certain information, or preferences, that you provide. This information is saved on "your" computer's hard drive as a unique id that identifies your browser (not you) when you visit a site that uses cookies. A cookie file can contain information that is useful to site operators for a variety of reasons that serve both the customer and visitor. It may store items like your user ID or other personal information that you supply. A cookie can not read data on your hard disk or read information in cookie files created by other sites. Cookies can be turned off in your browser, but doing so may limit your ability to participate in certain activities provided by a site.

Cookies are commonly used in online shopping baskets. Patrons of our shopping services presented by Digital River will be presented with a single cookie. Digital River's cookies are used only to identify the customer, not to identify any specific customer traits. This allows them to maintain consistency in the shopping basket and enable a more pleasant shopping experience. Click here for the Digital River Privacy Statement.

TopShareware.com may make available to site visitors a way to voluntarily register with this site for a better visitor experience or to sign up for products, services or improved personalization features. We will update our privacy policy about the nature of the information we track before making those services generally available.
