> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the ezrecharge.in privacy policy that was archived on 2018-08-14. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20180814172220id_/http%3A//ezrecharge.in/helpdocx/privacy.php) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy Policy - ezRecharge.in

Privacy Policy is intended to inform the User of Site's policies and practices regarding the collection, use and disclosure of any Personal Information that the User submitted to us through our Website. The Site is committed to protecting the privacy of the Users' personal information. The purpose of this policy is to inform the User of the personal information that he/she provides to the Site when using the Site. This privacy statement applies solely to information collected by the Site. This Privacy Policy is incorporated into and subject to the terms of the Site's Terms of Service and forms part of Terms and Conditions of Use. If the User does not agree to the terms of this Privacy Policy, he/she must discontinue using the services on this Site and terminate the User registration. By using or accessing the Site, the User expressly and impliedly accepts the practices described in this Privacy Policy. 

By submitting personal information the user profile, including contact particulars, pictures, interests etc., the User joins the site and agrees to the terms of this Privacy Policy and expressly consents to the processing of his/her Personal Information according to this Privacy Policy. User Personal Information may be processed by the Site in the country where it was collected as well as other countries (including India). This data is used to customize his/her visit to the Site, showing the User content that we think you may be interested in. 

The Site uses any information voluntarily given by the User to enhance their experience in the network of the Site so as to make the content useful for the users on the basis of their interest. At this Site we want to make the experience of our Users satisfying and worthwhile. User posts the Content on the Site at his/her own risk. Although the Site allows to set privacy options that limit access to User pages, please be aware that no security measures are perfect or impenetrable. The Site cannot control the actions of other Users with whom you may choose to share your pages and information. Therefore, the Site cannot guarantee that User Content User posts on the Site will not be viewed by unauthorized persons. The Site is not responsible for circumvention of any privacy settings or security measures contained on the Site. User must understand and acknowledge that, even after removal, copies of User Content may remain viewable in cached and archived pages or if other Users have copied or stored the User Content. 

The Site uses any information voluntarily given by the User to enhance their experience in the network of the Site so as to make the content useful for the users on the basis of their interest. At this Site we want to make the experience of our Users satisfying and worthwhile. User posts the Content on the Site at his/her own risk. Although the Site allows to set privacy options that limit access to User pages, please be aware that no security measures are perfect or impenetrable. The Site cannot control the actions of other Users with whom you may choose to share your pages and information. Therefore, the Site cannot guarantee that User Content User posts on the Site will not be viewed by unauthorized persons. The Site is not responsible for circumvention of any privacy settings or security measures contained on the Site. User must understand and acknowledge that, even after removal, copies of User Content may remain viewable in cached and archived pages or if other Users have copied or stored the User Content. 

To provide you with some of the features that the site community offers to its Users, Personal Information may be used that is stored in User profile after User has requested such features, for example to send invitation e-mails to people that you specified as being interested in joining the community. Please be aware that every visitor of the Website can access any information that is publicly posted throughout the Site network. 

The Site may analyze any collected information for its own internal purposes. In addition, it may remove personally identifying information from collected information to render it anonymous. The Site may use Anonymous Information for any purpose and disclose Anonymous Information in its discretion. 

This Site only shares User Information with others when it has user's permission or under the types of circumstances described in this Privacy Policy. In addition, the Site may limit access to User Information to only those employees who we believe reasonably need to come into contact with that information to provide products or services to the User. 

The site operates security and networks protected by the password protection systems. The security and the Policies are reviewed periodically and enhanced as necessary and only the authorized individuals have access to the information provided by the Users. 

The Site has physical, electronic, and procedural safeguards to protect personal information about User and his/her account information is protected by a password selected by the User. The Site uses industry-standard (Secure Socket Layer) SSL encryption in certain areas of the Website to protect data transmissions. However, no site can fully eliminate security risks associated with Personal Information. 

Legal Matters; Protection of Rights, Property and Interests; Safety The Site may, without User consent, access and disclose his/her Information, any communications sent or received by them, and any other information that it may have about User or User account: as may be permitted or required by law, regulation, rule or court order; pursuant to requests from governmental, regulatory or administrative agencies or law enforcement authorities; or to prevent, investigate, identify persons or organizations potentially involved in, or take any action regarding suspected fraud, violations of the Terms of Service, or activity that appears to be illegal or may expose Site to legal liability. Additionally, the Site may disclose User Information in situations that it believes to be emergencies involving potential threats to the physical safety of any person or property if we believe that his/her Information in any way relates to that threat. 

The Site's provision of a link to any other website or location is for User convenience and does not signify its endorsement of such other website or location or its contents. It has no control over, does not review, and cannot be held responsible for the outside websites or their content. Please be aware that the term of our Privacy Policy does not apply to these outside websites. 

The site gives users wherever necessary and practical such choices which include: 

__Opting not to register to receive the electronic newsletters.

__Opting not to participate in certain interactive area that completely alleviates the need to gather any personally identifiable information of the users.

If there is a change in the privacy policy, it will prominently be posted as a link to those changes on site's homepage so that the users are always aware of what information is being collected, how is it being used it, and under what circumstances, if any, it is disclosed. 

If at any point the Site decides to use personally identifiable information in a manner different from that stated at the time it was collected, it would be notified to the users by way of an email. 

Users will have a choice to allow/disallow the Site the use of their information in this different manner, and the Site will then use information in accordance with the privacy policy under which the information was collected. The Site encourages the User to periodically review this page for the latest information on Site's privacy practices. 

For any queries/complaints, please contact us at support@ezrecharge.in 
