> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the qubo.com privacy policy that was archived on 2019-06-23. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20190623115037id_/https%3A//qubo.com/privacy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy Policy

This Privacy Policy applies to our online practices only, except the Opt-Out procedure below also applies to our offline collection of personal information.

**PERSONALLY IDENTIFIABLE INFORMATION**

We consider the following, among other things, to be personally identifiable information: first and last name, e-mail address, street address and phone number. We (and/or our agents or affiliates) collect online and use personally identifiable information from our adult visitors for the following purposes: (1) to process and fulfill orders for products or services (such as our magazines); (2) in connection with contests, sweepstakes, games, surveys, forums, our requests for suggestions and visitors' requests for information; and (3) to customize the content on our site for our visitors' current and future needs. In addition, this personally identifiable information may be used to provide our visitors, via e-mail or other means, information about materials and activities that may be of interest to them, including products or services of third parties. For these reasons, we may share such information with third parties. To learn more information about how we may use and share your personally identifiable information or to opt-out of such uses and/or sharing, please contact us as provided below.

**FOR PARENTS AND GUARDIANS**

There are many activities on the site that children can participate in and enjoy without having to share personally identifiable information. For those activities that require personally identifiable information, such as contests and sweepstakes, in compliance with the Federal Trade Commission's Children's Online Privacy Protection Act, we will not condition a child's participation in an activity on that child disclosing more personally identifiable information than is reasonably necessary to administer the activity. For those activities where we need to collect personally identifiable information, we require verifiable parental consent before collecting or using personally identifiable information from children under the age of 13. With these activities, we will notify the respective parent of our privacy policy and obtain verifiable parental consent before collecting personally identifiable information from the child, unless we collect only the child's name and online contact information of the child or parent to: (1) obtain parental consent or provide parents with notice; (2) respond directly on a one-time basis to a child's specific request; (3) respond more than once to a child's specific request along with providing parental notice of such use; (4) protect the safety of a child; or (5) comply with legal requirements. When we provide parents with notice and/or seek consent, we also give parents the ability to let us know if they do not want any further use made of the personally identifiable information we have collected from their child. Our website does not allow children to make their personally identifiable information publicly available. To the extent we collect personally identifiable information from children under the age of 13, we will use such information only for the purpose for which it was collected and we will not disclose such information to third parties. Parents can review and/or have their child's personally identifiable information deleted, and refuse to permit further collection or use of their child's information by contacting us, as provided below.

**FOR KIDS**

Remember to be smart online. Do not give out your full name, e-mail address, home address, telephone number or any other personal information that would enable someone to contact you either online or offline, without first asking your parent or guardian for permission. Sometimes we will ask you for your first name and e-mail address along with your parents' e-mail address. We do this so that we can contact your parents to let them know that you have communicated with us, and that we have collected this information from you.

**NON-PERSONALLY IDENTIFIABLE INFORMATION AND THE USE OF COOKIE TECHNOLOGY**

We collect non-personally identifiable information through the use of a software technology called "cookies," and through our visitors' voluntary submissions to us and/or upon our request. By non-personally identifiable information, we are referring to information about our visitors' browsers (e.g., Netscape Navigator or Internet Explorer), operating systems (e.g., Windows or Macintosh), Internet service providers (e.g., AOL or NET.COM) and other similar information which we track in aggregate form. We also collect the following non-personally identifiable information in connection with content submissions, games, classrooms, and bulletin boards: first name only and first initial of last name, state, age, and grade. The non-personally identifiable information that we track is anonymous and will never be identified with or lead us back to any of our visitors.

Cookie technology helps us to know how many people visit us and where visitors go on our site. Cookies are small bits of information we send to your computer. Among other things, this non-personally identifiable information allows us to know which areas are favorites or what technologies and Internet services are being used by our visitors so that we may continually improve our visitors' online experiences.

**USE OF IP ADDRESSES**

We collect IP addresses to obtain aggregate information on the use of Qubo.com. An IP address is a number assigned to your computer by a Web server when you're on the Web. When you are on our site, we have a back-end server that logs your computer's IP address. We only use the information we find out from tracking IP addresses in the aggregate, such as how many users entered a specific area of our site, and not to track a specific IP address to identify an individual user. However, we may use such information to identify a user if we feel that there are or may be safety and/or security issues or to comply with legal requirements.

**THIRD-PARTY SERVERS**

We use third-party companies to serve ads when you visit our Web site and to monitor traffic to our Web site. These companies may (via cookies or otherwise) use aggregate information (not including your name, address, e-mail address, telephone number, or any other personally identifiable information) about your visits to this and other Web sites in order to provide us with data about our site and/or to provide advertisements about goods and services of interest to you. Most computers have the ability to notify you each time a cookie is being sent or to disable all cookies entirely. The browser settings on your computer will allow you to make these decisions. Each browser is a little different, so select your browser's HELP menus for the proper way to modify your computer's cookies. OPT-OUT. If we choose to send to you unsolicited communications that are marketing-related materials, we will provide you with the ability to decline or "opt-out of" receiving such communications. Instructions for opting-out will be provided if and when we determine to send you such a communication. Please understand that you will not be allowed to "opt-out" of formal notices concerning operation of this Web site, and legal and other related notices concerning your relationship to the Site. If you request, we will remove your name and all other personally identifiable information from our databases. Please understand, however, that it may be impossible to remove this information completely, due to backups and records of deletions. In addition, please understand that, if you request deletion of your information, you will be unable to utilize associated features of the Site and any associated services. You may not remove de-identified, anonymous, or aggregate data from our databases.

**SECURITY**

Qubo ensures that all personally and non-personally identifiable information that it receives via the Internet is secure against unauthorized access. This information is kept in a safe and secure system isolated from direct connection to the Internet. This means that no eyes but ours will ever see the information that our visitors send to us, unless we indicate otherwise. We will give out personal information as required by law, for example to comply with a court order or subpoena or to assist in criminal investigations. We may also give out personal information when we deem it advisable in order to protect the safety and security of our sites and visitors to our sites.

**LINKS TO OTHER SITES**

Visitors will find links from Qubo.com to independently owned, controlled and/or managed World Wide Web or Internet sites whose content we have found of possible interest to our visitors. In many cases, but not always, the links represent cooperative projects or mutual links established with the organizations connected with these sites. While we initially visit these sites to which we directly link, please note that we do not monitor or control the content that appears on these sites and such content may be constantly changing. We recommend that children check with their parents or teachers before clicking off and connecting to any new sites, and we encourage all end users of Qubo.com to read the privacy policies of all linked sites before navigating through them, as it is the linked site's privacy policy - NOT Qubo's - that applies when accessing and using those sites.

Please note that we may revise our above policy from time to time as the content on our sites continues to change. We will post all such changes to this Privacy Policy through the link on our website. Your use of our Web site following any such changes constitutes your agreement to follow and be bound by this privacy policy, as changed. We hope that you enjoy exploring our site.

For additional questions or comments about the website, please use our [contact form](https://qubo.com/contact).
