> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the fibre2fashion.com privacy policy that was archived on 2019-07-02. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20190702195138id_/http%3A//www.fibre2fashion.com/policy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Fibre2Fashion - World of Garments Textiles and Fashion

We display interest-based advertising on both our sites and unaffiliated sites  using information you make available to us when you interact with our sites, apps or services. Interest-based ads, also sometimes referred to as personalized or targeted ads, are displayed to you based on information from activities including but not limited to purchasing of fibre2fashion magazine on our site, your interaction with our Services and visiting sites that contain F2F content or ads. 

We use cookies, web beacons and other technologies (collectively, “cookies and similar technologies”). Cookies enable us to learn about what ads you see, what ads you click, and other actions you take on our sites and other sites. This allows us to provide you with more useful and relevant ads. For example, by knowing what ads you are shown we can be careful not to show you the same ones repeatedly. For more information about the use of cookies and similar technologies for interest-based advertising, please refer to our **_[cookie policy here](https://web.archive.org/cookie/)_** .

Some of the functionality on our Services may be provided by third parties that are not affiliated with F2F. These entities may collect or receive certain information about your use of our Services and your activities over time and across different websites, including through the use of cookies, web beacons, and similar technologies. This Privacy Policy does not apply to, and we are not responsible for, third-party cookies, web beacons, or other tracking technologies. F2F is not responsible for the privacy practices of these entities. In addition, our Services may contain links to other websites not operated or controlled by us. Such websites are not under our control and we are not responsible for their privacy policies or practices. If you provide any personal information through any such third-party website, we recommend that you familiarize yourself with the privacy policies and practices of that third party. 

You may choose to enable or log in to our Services via various online services like Google, including social networking services like Facebook, LinkedIn etcetera. Our services also may enable you to access social networking services such as Facebook, Twitter, LinkedIn, or Google (collectively, “Social Network”) directly or indirectly through our Services.

When you link a Social Network account to our Apps or log into our Services using your Social Network account, we may collect relevant information necessary to enable our Services to access that Social Network and your data contained within that Social Network. We may share your information with the operator of that Social Network to facilitate or enhance delivery of that Social Network or other services to you. A Social Network may provide us with access to certain information that you have provided to them, and we will use, store, and disclose such information in accordance with this Privacy Policy. Additionally, a Social Network may collect personal information and information about your use of our Site or Services automatically. The manner in which a Social Network collects, uses, stores, and discloses your information is governed by the policies of such third parties and F2F shall have no liability or responsibility for the privacy practices or other actions of any Social Network that may be enabled within its Services. 
