> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the vortex.gg privacy policy that was archived on 2018-12-23. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20181223095805id_/https%3A//vortex.gg/privacy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy - Vortex Cloud Gaming

  1. **WHO WE ARE**
    1. We are RemoteMyApp Sp. z o.o., a company duly incorporated under the laws of Poland, with its registered office in Szczecin, at Al. Piastów 22, 71-064 Szczecin, Poland. (We will refer to our self as “Vortex” for the remainder of the description)

You will be able to contact us via email at [[email protected]](https://web.archive.org/cdn-cgi/l/email-protection) or by traditional mail : RemoteMyApp Sp. z o.o., a company duly incorporated under the laws of Poland, with its registered office in Szczecin, at Al. Piastów 22, 71-064 Szczecin, Poland.

  2. **WHAT THIS PRIVACY POLICY GOVERNS**
    1. This Privacy Policy applies to www.vortex.gg, your vortex user account, and any application used in connection with your user account, any games or videos or other content which you purchase or use via vortex.gg, vortex payment methods, the vortex web forums, vortex customer and technical support and any other services we provide to you (we'll just call all this "vortex services" for short). 
    2. Specifically, this Privacy Policy governs personal information and non-personal information which we collect from you when you're using vortex services. ("Personal information" means information which, on its own or in combination with other information, can be used to identify you). 
    3. We respect your right to privacy and will only process personal information in accordance with applicable data protection legislation in the EU, the USA (including the Children's Online Privacy Protection Act) and elsewhere. 
    4. For personal information contained in this Privacy Policy which is used by Vortex, Vortex is the data controller under European Union data protection legislation. 
  3. **PROTECTING CHILDREN**
    1. We recognise we have a special obligation to protect personal information obtained from children. We do not and will not knowingly collect personal information from any child under the age of 16. If for any reason we decide to collect personal
    2. information of children between 13 and 16 will we ask for their parent or guardian consent. If you are a parent or guardian and are concerned about the transfer of personal information about your child, please contact [[email protected]](https://web.archive.org/cdn-cgi/l/email-protection)
  4. **WHAT INFORMATION DO WE COLLECT**
    1. When you register a Vortex account with us, you will need to provide us: 
      1. your username; 
      2. your email address;
      3. password (which is encrypted so that we don’t have access to it)

This information is necessary for us to provide you with Vortex account requested by you. In your Vortex profile settings you can also set your password. This information will be protected by your Vortex account password. You are responsible for keeping it safe - please don't share it with anyone.

    2. When you use Vortex services we may also collect the following information (how we use it is described later in this document): 
      1. Technical details about devices which you use to access Vortex services, including: Internet and/or network connection (including your IP address); mobile device identifiers; your operating system, browser type or other software; your hardware details; or other technical details provided by your web browser. This is technical data about our users and their actions and patterns, which does not provide personal information; 
      2. Details of your use of Vortex services including, but not limited to: metrics information about when and how you use Vortex services (such as what game(s) you are playing, your current status, your interactions with others); traffic data; your geographical location; your purchase history; emails received; and links accessed; your preferences and choices such as subscriptions, preferred language and currency; your communication via chat, game reviews, published posts on forum and other Vortex Services; 
      3. Other information required in order to help you with any queries/support you may need assistance with via the Vortex forums or customer support, including communications with you; and 
      4. limited payment processing information, including as applicable your credit card number, name and email address (on a hashed/anonymised basis as applicable), payment methods, payment engine and transaction type; fraud risk score;
      5. if you use Vortex Applications for windows, android we will also collect technical logs, information about your steam achievements in games you play and how long you play them; your multiplayer sessions; your activities on other platforms connected to your Vortex account. 
      6. any other information which you supply us via our services;
    3. Bug reports and crash logs: Vortex software will generate bug or crash reports regarding Vortex services – these reports will not mention your personal information. You can decide whether to submit these reports to Vortex automatically. If you manually submit bug or crash reports to us, or if we contact you asking for feedback regarding crash or bug reports, then we may store them alongside your personal information.
    4. Payment details (if/when you use them in Vortex Services): this is a matter for the relevant payment method/platform/processor. We process only limited payment processing information on a hashed/anonymised basis as applicable. If you make any purchases within Vortex Services, then we are notified by the payment processor once a transaction takes place and of course we make sure you receive your purchased item, but we will not receive any of your actual payment details
  5. **HOW WE COLLECT INFORMATION ABOUT YOU**
    1. We may collect, process and use information about you in the following ways (either directly or via our Partners as explained above): 
      1. information you give us via Vortex services;
      2. information given when you contact us or report a problem with Vortex services;
      3. surveys that we use for research purposes, although you don't have to respond to them. We may collect this information via Vortex services or trusted third parties connected with us for optional things like surveys or polls.
    2. Vortex Steam Link. When you use our cool and optional feature Vortex Steam Link we will be retrieving limited information from your Steam account. We explain this in more detail in section 9.2 below.
    3. We also collect information about you via cookies and web log files to track the use of the Site. A cookie is a tiny data file that resides on your computer and allows the Provider to recognize you as a User when you return to the Site using the same computer and web browser. User may choose to set their web browser to refuse cookies, or to alert you when cookies are being sent. If your browser settings do not allow cookies, note that some parts of the Site may not function properly. Cookies and log file data are used to customize your experience on the Site. 
      1. One type of cookie, known as a "session" cookie, is used to identify a particular visit to the Site. Session cookie expires after a short time or when you close your web browser.
      2. Moreover, the Site may use local shared objects, commonly called a "flash cookies" for purposes such as storing Users’ preferences. You may manage or opt out of your flash cookies here.
      3. In the course of serving advertisements or optimizing the Product to our Users, we may allow authorized third parties to place or recognize a unique cookie on your browser. Any information provided to third parties through such cookies will not be personally identifiable. If you would like more information about this practice and to know your choices about not having this information used by third parties, please click here. most browsers are initially set up to accept cookies, but you can reset your browser to refuse all cookies or to indicate when a cookie is being sent. unfortunately, if your browser settings do not allow cookies or you opt to refuse all cookies, you may not be able to use the site. the provider does not store personal data in the cookies.
    4. We allow other companies, called ad networks, to serve advertisements to Users through the Site. Ad networks include third party ad servers, ad agencies, ad technology vendors and research firms. To deliver these ads properly, we may include a file, called a web beacon, from these ad networks within pages served by the Provider so the ad networks may provide anonymized, aggregated auditing, research and reporting for advertisers as well as to target ads to you while you visit other sites. Because your web browser must request these advertisements and web beacons from the ad network’s servers, these companies can view, edit or set their own cookies, just as if you had requested a website from their site.
  6. **HOW DO WE UTILIZE YOUR INFORMATION**
    1. We will utilize you information in the following ways: 
      1. to carry out our obligations arising from any contracts between you and us, like providing access to your Vortex account, providing you with the games and technical support and in general allowing to use Vortex Services and its functionalities when you choose to do so f. ex. your Vortex user profile, chat, forum or cloud saving.
      2. to ensure that Vortex services are presented in the most effective manner for you and for your computer or other device from which you access Vortex services.
      3. to provide you with information, products or services that you request from us and which we feel may interest you - in particular, we may send you newsletters or emails about Vortex services, special and occasional offers like a welcome offer or provide you with ads, offers and product recommendations on the basis of your purchases or activity on our and third party websites and services (of course, it’s optional);
      4. to evaluate the effectiveness of our marketing actions and improve the quality of our marketing;
      5. to notify you about changes to Vortex services and our legal documents.
      6. to improve or modify Vortex services, f.ex. based on which games you like, how you play them, reported problems, your suggestions or satisfaction surveys;
      7. To calculate conversion rates and other elements of Vortex.gg performance.
      8. in connection with the services of our Partners, such as payment processors, located in and outside the European Union, but only to the extent necessary to provide those services.
      9. To provide you with optional functionalities such as Vortex Steam Link or authentication via Steam linking.
      10. to create a universal user’s profile based on information about your use of Vortex Services and other platforms (we’ll rely on data made available when you merge your Vortex account with your account on other platforms) in order to make our Services even more interesting for you.
      11. to protect you from an unauthorized use of your account and against fraud;
      12. for tax, legal and accounting purposes
      13. for the accountability purposes as defined by EU legislation (GDPR)
    2. Whenever we’re personalizing or targeting our marketing communications, offers and adverts, we may profile your personal information. We do not make however automated decisions (f.ex. via algorithms) that could affect your legal situation. If you decide that you no longer want to receive personalized offers, product recommendations from us, or no advertising news at all, you can object to this at any time. You can also choose whether to receive marketing communication from us, including personalized and targeted marketing emails by managing subscriptions on your Vortex profile page, following the link "unsubscribe" attached to our marketing emails or just contacting us directly here [[email protected]](https://web.archive.org/cdn-cgi/l/email-protection)
    3. Non-personal data. We might process some aggregated and general non-personal data on user behavior (e.g. sales per region, number of support tickets) and share it with third party partners who work with us to provide Vortex services to you (for example, with games developers/publishers selling games or renting on Vortex.gg or with payment providers) in order to support, improve or amend Vortex services or to help them to improve their products, which you have bought. We may also share nonpersonal information with data analysis services to help us run Vortex.gg.
  7. **DATA SHARING**
    1. We may share your personal data with affiliated companies and trusted partners within our corporate family, with third parties with which we have partnered to allow you to integrate their services into our own Services, and with trusted third party service providers as necessary for them to perform services on our behalf, such as: 
      1. Processing credit card payments
      2. Serving advertisements
      3. Conducting contests or surveys
      4. Performing analysis of our Services and customers demographics
      5. Communicating with you, such as by way email or survey delivery
      6. Customer relationship management.
We only share your personal data as necessary for any third party to provide the services as requested or as needed on our behalf. These third parties (and any subcontractors) are subject to strict data processing terms and conditions and are prohibited from utilizing, sharing or retaining your personal data for any purpose other than as they have been specifically contracted for (or without your consent). 
    2. Our trusted partners; In general, we don’t share information about you to third parties. There’re exceptions like our Trusted Partners, that help us deliver our Services and functionalities to you. Please rest assured that we always provide our partners with the minimum information necessary for them to help us. They may have potential or actual access to limited data about you and process it on our behalf (they are formally called “Data Processors”): 
      1. Third party vendors that provide us with internal management and data sharing tools;
      2. Third party vendors that provide us with analytical tools;
      3. Third party vendors that provide us with email marketing tools to help us managing our email communications;
      4. Third party vendors that provide us with error tracking and crash reporting tools; In general, we don’t share information about you to third parties. There’re exceptions like our Trusted Partners – these are companies that help us do our thing. They usually help us with things like data analytics, processing payments, internal tools or running a variety of marketing activities.
      5. Customer Service Software & Support Ticket System to help us manage your requests;
      6. Dynamic Site Delivery and Content Delivery Networks to provide Vortex Services or to optimize content delivery (although we share only IP addresses because CDNs deliver the content based on the geographic location);
      7. Our professional advisors dealing f.ex. with legal, tax, audit or accounting matters;
      8. Social media platforms for the purpose of personalized and targeted communication;
    3. During the payment process, we may also share information about you with other trusted partners who handle it independently as the so-called data controllers: 
      1. payment-providers for payment processing purposes;
      2. banks and financial institutions to obtain payment;
      3. anti-fraud service providers; When required by law, we may also share your data with police or other government authorities (including your IP address and details of suspected unlawful or fraudulent activity like unauthorized use of payment methods and security risk scores).
      4. Your information may be processed, stored and transferred outside your country of residence and beyond the European Economic Area (EEA) and Switzerland, such as the United States, Canada or Brazil. Privacy laws in these countries may not offer the same level of protection as in your country or in the EEA. But whenever we’re sharing your personal information outside the European Economic Area (EEA) and Switzerland, we will do so on the basis of the EU standard contractual clauses or Privacy Shield Framework which are lawful measures to transfer your data and establish adequate protection of your personal information.
  8. **COMMUNICATING WITH YOU**
    1. We may contact you directly or through a third party service provider regarding products or services you have signed up or purchased from us, such as necessary to deliver transactional or service related communications. We may also contact you with offers for additional services we think you’ll find valuable if you give us consent, or where allowed based upon legitimate interests. You don’t need to provide consent as a condition to purchase our goods or services. These contacts may include: 
      1. Email
      2. Text (SMS) messages
      3. Telephone calls
      4. Automated phone calls or text messages.
    2. You may also update your subscription preferences with respect to receiving communications from us and/or our partners by signing into your account and visiting “Profile” page.
    3. If we collect information from you in connection with a co-branded offer, it will be clear at the point of collection who is collecting the information and whose privacy policy applies. In addition, it will describe any choice options you have in regards to the use and/or sharing of your personal data with a co-branded partner, as well as how to exercise those options.
  9. **THIRD PARTY INFORMATION COLLECTION AND EXTERNAL SERVICES**
    1. Vortex services may, from time to time, contain links to and from the websites or services of third parties (e.g. to games developers whose games are on Vortex.gg). In addition, third parties (e.g. games developers/publishers) may also collect personally identifiable information (e.g. your email address or name) if you want to access additional game services, but they can collect any such information only after you have been informed of it and consented to it. This may include saving information to your Vortex profile in relation to their games (such as, for example, saving game progress). Our Privacy Policy does not extend to these external sites or companies, so please refer directly to their privacy policies.
    2. A quick word about Vortex Steam Link. In order for us to provide this (optional) feature to you, we will need access to Valve’s service allowing us to retrieve certain data regarding Steam and games available via Steam (“Steam Data”). We will treat the Steam Data consistent with this Privacy Policy. We will only retrieve Steam Data regarding your Steam account as requested by you and we will notify you what if any Steam Data is stored by us. We will not intercept, store or use your Steam password or login. In accordance with Valve’s requirements, Steam Data is provided: (I) "AS IS," "WITH ALL FAULTS" AND "AS AVAILABLE," AND THE ENTIRE RISK AS TO SATISFACTORY QUALITY, PERFORMANCE, ACCURACY, AND EFFORT IS WITH YOU. TO THE MAXIMUM EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, VALVE, STEAM GAME PUBLISHERS AND DEVELOPERS, AND THEIR SUPPLIERS MAKE NO REPRESENTATIONS, WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED. VALVE, STEAM GAME PUBLISHERS AND DEVELOPERS, AND THEIR SUPPLIERS EXPRESSLY DISCLAIM ANY AND ALL WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS, EXPRESS, STATUTORY AND IMPLIED, INCLUDING WITHOUT LIMITATION (A) WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, WORKMANLIKE EFFORT, ACCURACY, TITLE, QUIET ENJOYMENT, NO ENCUMBRANCES, NO LIENS AND NON-INFRINGEMENT, (B) WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS ARISING THROUGH COURSE OF DEALING OR USAGE OF TRADE, AND (C) WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF UNINTERRUPTED OR ERROR-FREE ACCESS OR USE. (II) IN NO EVENT WILL VALVE OR ANY SUPPLIER BE LIABLE FOR ANY DAMAGES, INCLUDING WITHOUT LIMITATION ANY INDIRECT, CONSEQUENTIAL, SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL, OR PUNITIVE DAMAGES ARISING OUT OF, BASED ON, OR RESULTING FROM ITS API TERMS OF USE OR YOUR USE OF STEAM WEB API, STEAM DATA, OR VALVE BRAND & LINKS, EVEN IF SUCH PARTY HAS BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES. THE EXCLUSION OF DAMAGES UNDER THIS PARAGRAPH IS INDEPENDENT OF YOUR EXCLUSIVE REMEDY AND SURVIVES IN THE EVENT SUCH REMEDY FAILS OF ITS ESSENTIAL PURPOSE OR IS OTHERWISE DEEMED UNENFORCEABLE. THESE LIMITATIONS AND EXCLUSIONS APPLY WITHOUT REGARD TO WHETHER THE DAMAGES ARISE FROM (A) BREACH OF CONTRACT, (B) BREACH OF WARRANTY, (C) NEGLIGENCE, OR (D) ANY OTHER CAUSE OF ACTION, TO THE EXTENT SUCH EXCLUSION AND LIMITATIONS ARE NOT PROHIBITED BY APPLICABLE LAW. IF YOU DO NOT AGREE WITH ANY PART OF THE ABOVE, OR YOU HAVE ANY DISPUTE OR CLAIM AGAINST VALVE OR ITS SUPPLIERS WITH RESPECT TO THE ABOVE, THEN YOUR SOLE AND EXCLUSIVE REMEDY IS TO DISCONTINUE USING THE STEAM WEB API, STEAM DATA, AND VALVE BRAND & LINKS.
  10. **OTHER**
    1. Please be aware that we are subject to various laws and we may be required to release personal information to comply with law enforcement or other legal requirements.
    2. In the unlikely event of a reorganisation or merger of Vortex or Vortex accounts we may transfer personally identifiable information to an involved third party who will protect this to at least the same level as we do in this Privacy Policy.
  11. **YOUR RIGHTS**
    1. You have the right to object to the processing of your personal data in certain situations f.ex. for marketing purposes at any time. You can do so by contacting us here or by changing your email settings within your Vortex account. Also email communications from Vortex to you will contain an optout/unsubscribe option.
    2. Depending on where you live, you may have additional privacy rights. For example, under EU laws you have the following additional rights: 
      1. to access information we hold about you;
      2. to request that we delete your personal information from our system;
      3. to ask us to rectify/correct your personal information if appropriate.
      4. to ask us to restrict processing of your data;
      5. to transmit your data to another entity;
      6. to lodge a complaint with a data protection authority. You can exercise these rights by contacting us f.ex. at [[email protected]](https://web.archive.org/cdn-cgi/l/email-protection) or through your vortex profile page.
  12. **CHANGES TO THIS PRIVACY POLICY**
    1. We may change this Privacy Policy if we think it's necessary for legal reasons or to reflect changes in Vortex services. If so, we will make the changed Privacy Policy available online and (if you have a Vortex account) we'll email you to explain the changes. We will also update the “Last Updated” date.
    2. Once we change the Privacy Policy, it will become legally binding on you 30 days after we post it online. During that period, you're welcome to contact us if you have specific questions about the changes.
    3. If you don't agree to those changes (regardless of whether you email us), then unfortunately we must ask you to cease using Vortex services. We're sorry we have to say that, but we hope you'll appreciate that for Vortex services to work properly we need to have everyone using it under the same rules instead of different people having different rules. That's why we encourage you to get in contact if you have queries.


