> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the ocmodshop.com privacy policy that was archived on 2012-11-08. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20121108170330id_/http%3A//www.ocmodshop.com/privacy-policy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy Policy — OCmodshop.com

We at OCModShop.com do not collect any information from you but the companies that advertise on our web site may. We are not responsible for any information they may or may not collect. This web site is only intended for entertainment purposes and it takes no responsibility for the material on this web site. You use the content at your own risk and we are not liable to you or any third parties for any damage caused by your use of this web site or its material. OCModShop does not endorse any other web site that might be linked to. All the content is the property of OCModShop Publishing and is copyrighted. All rights are reserved.

We use third-party advertising companies to serve ads when you visit our Web site. These companies may use aggregated information (not including your name, address, email address or telephone number) about your visits to this and other Web sites in order to provide advertisements about goods and services of interest to you. If you would like more information about this practice and to know your choices about not having this information used by these companies, click [here](http://www.networkadvertising.org/managing/opt_out.asp).

**Burst Media privacy policy.**  
Privacy: Our Policy. Fundamentally, the privacy of web users must be protected, and the most effective way to preserve that privacy is to confine that data at the site level. Some ad networks gather tens of millions of user profiles to aid in selling ads and utilize their third party services to gather additional information. Sites who are not members of the ad network contribute data, but most often cannot use this data to effectively sell ad space on their site. BURST! Media as well as BURST! AdDesktop collects no personally identifiable data, and therefore protects user privacy while eliminating an unnecessary costly feature. BURST!’s TRUSTe license verifies this privacy stance.

User Information. All users who receive an ad served by BURST! retain complete anonymity where BURST! is concerned. As ads are delivered, BURST! does not acquire or collect any personal information about you. Your name, address, phone number, and email address all remain your private properties. BURST! does, however, collect information which is specific to how you use the Internet. BURST! servers note non-personally identifying details such as, but not limited to, the server you are logged onto, the geographic location of the ISP you use, the type of browser you use, and your IP address. This information is obtained solely for the purpose of targeting ads and measuring a given ad’s effectiveness on behalf of BURST! clients and customers.

There are instances where a user may provide specific personal information in response to an ad containing a survey, purchase agreement, or registration questionnaire. For such programs, BURST! (or a third party working in conjunction with BURST! and the advertiser) acquires this information on behalf of the advertiser client. This information is used by the client so the user can receive the goods or services requested. When requested, BURST! may employ this information in a compiled format without identifying users specifically to provide to the advertiser client precise profiles of the types of individuals responding to the ads.

**The Cookie Principle.**  
BURST! may use cookies to improve your web browsing experience. When you are first served a BURST! ad, BURST! may assign a unique random number to your computer browser – commonly known as a “cookie.” We do this to understand the way a user responds to the ads we deliver. For example, this number lets us keep track of how many times you view an ad we distribute. Likewise, the cookie can help make sure you do not see the same ad over and over – thus enhancing your online web viewing experience. We do not link the information we store in cookies to any personally identifiable information you submit while on our site. Most web browsers automatically accept cookies, but you can usually change your browser to prevent that use if you desire.

More information about Burst Media privacy policy can be obtained from [Burst Media](http://www.burstmedia.com/).
