> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the unlike.net privacy policy that was archived on 2015-03-22. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20150322034351id_/http%3A//unlike.net/pages/privacy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Unlike City Guides

* * *

unlike media Ltd. ("UM") is aware that the security of your private information from the use of our website is an important concern. Therefore we take the protection of your personal data very seriously and would like to inform you about our security measures.

UM collects information through our Website at several points. 

If you use the website of UM www.unlike.net, you may need to register to use certain functions. We collect the email address and the username from visitors. 

UM does not actively market to children, and we never knowingly ask a person under 18 to divulge personal information.

We also collect the following general data that is not personally identifiable information, such as traffic data, IP address, to help diagnose problems on servers. We collect demographic data in order to improve the unlike service.

Within the registration process the provision of some information is optional such as name, gender, birth date, country, location and your personal homepage or your instant messenger username. We will collect this information if provided to us.

We do employ cookies. A cookie is a small text file that our Web server places on a user’s computer hard drive to be a unique identifier. Cookies enable us to track usage patterns and deliver customized content to users. Our cookies do not collect personally identifiable information.

Banner advertising appearing on our website may collect the following information: demographics and traffic data. Third parties may use cookies. However, we do not have access or control over these cookies.

These collected data could possibly lead to your identification. We may use the data from time to time for statistical purposes, but maintain the anonymity of each individual user so that the person cannot be identified. In cases when personal data is provided to others to provide you with products or services you have agreed to, or for other purposes you have authorized, we rely on technical and organisational means to assure that applicable data security regulations are followed.

The database and its contents remain at our company and stay with data processors or servers acting on our behalf. 

We will retain control of and responsibility for the use of any personal data you disclose to us. Some of this data may be stored or processed at computers located in other jurisdictions, whose data protection laws may differ from the jurisdiction in which you live. In such cases, we will ensure that appropriate protections are in place to require the data processor in that country to maintain protections on the data that are equivalent to those that apply in the country in which you live.

This website uses Google Analytics, a web analytics service provided by Google Inc. (" Google"). Google Analytics uses "cookies", text files, which are stored on users' computers and allow an analysis of your use of the website. The information generated by the cookies about the use of the website by users are usually transmitted to a Google server in the USA and stored there. 

On this website, anonymous IP is activated, so that the IP address of users of Google within member states of the European Union or other parties to the Agreement of the European Economic Area is shortened. 

Only in exceptional cases is the complete IP address transmitted to a Google server in the USA and shortened there. On behalf of the operator of this website, Google will use this information to evaluate the use of the site by users, compiling reports on website activity and providing others with website and internet related services to the website operator. 

Undertaken as a part of Google Analytics, your IP address is not associated with any other data held by Google. You may refuse the use of cookies by selecting the appropriate settings in your browser, however, the user therefore should be aware that, in this case, they may not benefit from all the features of this website. The user can prevent the data generated by the cookie about your use of the website (including your IP address) going to Google and the processing of this data by Google, by downloading and installing the browser plugin available at the following link: <https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout>

We use log files. This information may include internet protocol (IP) addresses, browser type, internet service provider (ISP), referring/exit pages, platform type, date/time stamp, and number of clicks to analyze trends, administer the site, track user’s movement in the aggregate, and gather broad demographic information for aggregate use. However, none of the information stored in our log files, including but not limited to IP addresses, is linked to personally identifiable information. 

We may use the personally identifiable information collected by us to contact Users regarding products and services offered by UM and by its affiliates, independent contractors and business partners to the extend user has agreed to. We may also use this information for research purposes regarding the effectiveness of our website services, marketing, advertising and sales efforts. 

UM may also disclose aggregate, anonymous data based on information collected from users to investors and potential partners. In case the shares and/or assets of UM are sold in whole or in part, the information collected from users may be transferred to the new owners without the Users permission.

UM may, from time to time, engage third parties, including its own subsidiaries and affiliated companies, to preserve, analyze or otherwise store or manipulate data received by UM from its customers. In all such cases, third party service providers will be required to treat all such data with the same degree of care as UM and they will be prohibited from disclosing such data to any other person or party, except as otherwise provided for in this Privacy Policy.

We will also disclose your personal information, if we may need to disclose personal information when required by law, or to comply with a judicial proceeding, a court order, subpoena or other legal process served on UM, in UM's sole discretion. We may also disclose information about you if we determine that for national security, law enforcement, or other issues of public importance, disclosure is necessary.

Our customers and users will occasionally receive newsletters or e-mails with information on products, services, or special offers. 

Please regard that you are obliged to inform us about any changes in your personal data stored in our system. If there are any changes, please send an email to info@unlike.net.

You are solely responsible for maintaining the confidentiality of your password and information associated with your account that you desire to remain confidential. You also agree that you are responsible for any and all activities that may take place, or occur under your password and account. 

You have the right to withdraw your consent to the use of your personal data in the future at any time. Therefore please send an email to comment@unlike.net.

We use technical and organisational security precautions to protect your data from manipulation, loss, destruction or access by unauthorized persons. Any personal data that is provided to UM by you will be encrypted in transit to prevent its possible misuse by third parties. Our security procedures are continuously revised based on new technological developments.
