> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the 1iota.com privacy policy that was archived on 2004-06-11. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20040611112113id_/http%3A//www.1iota.com/privacy.aspx) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# 1iota.com - event tickets, tv, late night, jimmy kimmel, carson daly, last call, abc, nbc

**_Introduction_**  
The Privacy Policy below will govern your 1iota membership and any information you provide on this site.  In order to become a member of 1 iota we must ask you to provide us with information about yourself. This Privacy Policy describes the information we collect and how we use that information. 1iota takes the privacy of your personal information very seriously and will use your information only in accordance with the terms of this Privacy Policy. 

**_Changes of Policy_**   
This policy may be revised over time as new features are added to 1iota or as we incorporate new suggestions from our members.  If we are going to use or disclose your personally identifiable information in a manner materially different from that stated at the time we collected the information, you will have a choice as to whether or not we use or disclose your information in this new manner.  1iota may make improvements and/or changes in our services or products described in the site, including the terms and conditions of your use of this site, without liability.  1iota reserves the right to change these conditions at anytime.

**_Required Information_**  
The information required is everything on the registration page that is marked with an asterisk.  In order to become a basic member of 1iota, you must provide this information to us.   Our site also offers users the ability to set up a profile. Information included in this profile pertains to users' personal attributes, interests, and preferences, and is not personally identifiable. 

**_Customer Feedback_**  
We encourage you to share your comments and questions with us.  We promise to read all the mail that is sent to us, but we may not be able to respond to it all. We will retain such information in the records of your membership. We retain these records in order to measure and improve our customer service.  We may, over time, delete these records if permitted by law. By sending us a mail message, you agree to have it along with your first name posted here as well as other 1iota promotional or advertising materials without compensation.  You hereby grant to 1iota a royalty-free, irrevocable license under all intellectual property rights (including copyright) to use, copy, distribute, sublicense, display, perform and prepare derivative works based upon any feedback, including materials, fixes, error corrections, enhancements, suggestions and the like that you provide to 1iota.  You specifically acknowledge that 1iota is not liable for your defamatory, offensive, infringing or illegal materials or that of third parties and 1iota reserves the right to remove such materials without liability.

**_Use and Disclosure_** **  
** We use the information we collect about you in order 1) to provide membership services, 2) to determine your eligibility to be selected for special events and shows, and 3) to improve our membership relations and services.  The contents of the 1iota website pages, including, but not limited to text, graphics, and icons are copyrighted materials owned or controlled by 1iota and contain 1iota's name trademarks, service marks, and trade names.  You may download one copy of these materials on any single computer and print a copy of the materials for your use in learning about, evaluating or acquiring 1iota's services or products.  No other permission is granted to you to print, copy, reproduce, distribute, transmit, upload, download, display in public, alter, or modify these materials.  No permission is granted to use 1iota's icons, site address, or other means to hyperlink other Internet sites with any page on the 1iota site, and 1iota assumes no responsibility for any other parties' site hyperlinked to 1iota's site.  1iota will gladly remove any link from its web pages upon request from the linked entity.

**_Disclosure to Third Parties_**  
1iota will not share any of your personally identifiable information with third parties except in the limited circumstances described below.  These third parties are limited by law or by contract from using the information for secondary purposes beyond the purposes for which the information is shared. 

1.       If selected for a show, 1iota will be authorized to use the information provided, to grant you access to the event and take the proper security precautions required by event staff or security (such as background checks).   We share names with affiliated nightclubs for guest-list options or table reservations, upon taking advantage of the "1iota nightlife" feature.

2.       We use contact information to send the user information needed to maintain their account, to contact them when necessary, and to notify them of news about our company. We also use customer contact information to send the user promotional material from some of our partners.

3.       We share aggregated statistical data with our business partners or for public relations. We may sell, trade, or rent your personal information to others. We may provide aggregate statistics about our customers, sales, traffic patterns, and related site information to reputable third-party vendors. However, these statistics will not include personal identifying information.

4.       Account information may be released when we believe, in good faith, that such release is reasonably necessary to: (1) comply with applicable law; (2) enforce or apply the terms of any of our user agreements; or (3) protect the rights, property or safety of our users and/or any third parties.

5.       As with any other business, it is possible that in the future 1iota could merge with or be acquired by another company. If such an acquisition occurs, the successor company would have access to the information maintained by 1 iota, including customer account information, but would continue to be bound by this Privacy Policy unless and until it is amended as described above in the "Changes of Policy" section. 

**_Security_**  
1iota is committed to handling your membership information with a high standard of security. The security of your 1iota membership also relies on your protection of your 1 iota password/Id number. We strongly urge that you never share your 1iota password/Id number with anyone. You will only be asked for your 1iota password/ID number if you are logging in as a user. If you believe someone else has obtained access to your password, please change it immediately or request it to be changed by [contacting us](http://1iota.com/1iotaproductions/contact.asp). These guidelines are the only understanding and agreement we have regarding your use of the site.  The laws of the State of California govern these guidelines.
