> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the rage.com privacy policy that was archived on 2007-09-07. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20070907214844id_/http%3A//rage.com/action/static/privacy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Rage

Rage.com Privacy Policy The use of this version of the Rage website(s) and/or Rage software and any other related software, upgrades or updates and all related services and special offers (the "Service") provided by Operate .com Ltd. ("Rage") are subject to the hereunder provisions of this Privacy Policy. This Privacy Policy is incorporated into and is subject to the Rage Terms of Use. Your use of the Rage Website and any personal information you provide on the Rage Website remains subject to the terms of this Privacy Policy and our Terms of Use. Please note that any video, image or other content posted at the direction of Users onto the Rage Website becomes published content and is not considered personally identifiable information subject to this Privacy Policy. General Rage takes your privacy seriously. We gather certain types of information about our users and we want you to understand the terms related to the collection and use of the information, which we collect. This Privacy Policy discloses the types of information we gather, how we use it, and what choices you have regarding the collection of such information. BY USING OR ACCESSING ANY Rage WEBSITE OR DOWNLOADING AND USING THE SERVICE, YOU AGREE TO THE COLLECTION AND USE OF YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION (AS HEREUNDER DESCRIBED), ALL IN ACCORDANCE WITH THE TERMS AND CONDITIONS SET HEREUNDER. Rage MAY AMEND THIS POLICY FROM TIME TO TIME. If you are under the age of 18, you are not eligible to use the Service, and we ask you not to submit any personal information to us. Collection of Information Personal Information: Use of certain features of the Service may require submission of certain personal information, including your first and last name, email address, a nick name (or other user ID) and a password. Non personally identifiable Information: Rage may also collect or receive additional non personally identifiable usage information specifically related to the use of a particular feature or offering on the Rage Service or website(s), and responses to the offerings and advertisements presented on Rage's Service and/or website(s). Rage may also collect or receive (in some cases as part of the internet communication protocol) certain non personally identifiable technical information, when the Rage website(s) and pages are visited or when the Rage Service is used. How is the information being used? The information is used to operate and improve the features, offerings and content presented to you by Rage, to personalize the content and advertisements provided to you ; to fulfill your requests for Services, programs, and services; to communicate with you and respond to your inquiries; to conduct research about your use of the Service and/or website(s), offerings and advertisements presented on Rage Service, email communication, website(s) and pages; and to help offer you other Services, programs, or services that may be of interest. Any personally identifiable information of yours will not be shared with third parties unless you have consented to the sharing of this information. Rage may use this information to present offers to you on behalf of business partners and advertisers. These business partners and advertisers may receive aggregate data about various groups of Rage users, but do not receive information that personally identifies you. We may release personally identifiable information and/or non-personally-identifiable information if required to do so by law, or in the good-faith belief that such action is necessary to comply with state and federal laws (such as U.S. Copyright Law) or respond to a court order, subpoena, or search warrant. Rage also reserves the right to access and disclose personally identifiable information and/or non-personally-identifiable information that Rage believes, in good faith, is appropriate or necessary to enforce our Terms of Use, take precautions against liability, to investigate and defend itself against any third-party claims or allegations, to assist government enforcement agencies, to protect the security or integrity of our web site, and to protect the rights, property, or personal safety of Rage, our Users or others. Cookies Rage may use cookies or similar technologies to enhance and personalize your experience of the Service and/or of Rage's web sites, including to operate and improve offerings through the Service and/or web sites; to help authenticate your identity when you visit and transact with the Service, and/or web sites; to remember your preferences and registration information; to present and help measure and research the effectiveness of the various offerings, advertisements, and e-mail communications (by determining which e-mails you open and act upon); and to customize the content and advertisements provided to you. Rage uses both session cookies and persistent cookies. A persistent cookie remains after you close your browser. Persistent cookies may be used by your browser on subsequent visits to the Website. Persistent cookies can be removed by following your web browser help file directions. A session cookie is temporary and disappears after you close your browser. You can reset your web browser to refuse all cookies or to indicate when a cookie is being sent. However some features of the Rage Website may not function propertly if the ability to accept cookies is diabled. Rage does not require that you accept cookies, and you may disable cookies at any time. However, some functionality of our Services and/or web sites may be impaired if you decline to accept cookies. Third-Party Advertisers, Links to Other Sites Rage or its advertisers may use other companies known as third party ad servers to help present advertisements online in connection with the Service, and/or web sites. These third party ad servers may use cookies or similar technologies to help present such advertisements, and to help measure and research the advertisements' effectiveness. The use of these technologies by these third party ad servers is subject to their own privacy policies, not Rage's. Rage does not provide any personally identifiable information to these third-party ad servers or ad networks without your consent or except as part of a specific program or feature for which you will have the ability to opt-in or opt-out. However, please note that if an advertiser asks Rage to show an advertisement to a certain audience (for example, men ages 18-34) or audience segment (for example, men ages 18-24 who have viewed certain channels of content) and you respond to that advertisement, the advertiser or ad-server may conclude that you fit the description of the audience they are trying to reach. The advertiser may also use information regarding your use of the Rage Sites, such as the number of times you viewed an ad (but not any personally identifiable information), to determine which ads to deliver to you. You should consult the respective privacy policies of these third-party ad servers or ad networks (see links below) for more information on their practices and for instructions on how to opt-out of certain practices. Rage's privacy policy does not apply to, and we cannot control the activities of, such other advertisers or web sites. Currently, Rage has relationships with the following third-party ad servers or ad networks: Note for Parents Rage's Service and websites are intended for a general audience, and users under the age of eighteen (18) are not permitted to register with Rage's Service and websites. Modification and Deletion of Personally Identifiable Information Deletion (Opt-Out). In order to delete the personally identifiable information you submitted, notify us, to the following email address: support(@)Rage.com that you wish to delete your personally identifiable information or any part thereof contained at our databases. Special Note to International Users The Rage Website is hosted in the United Kingdom ("UK") and is intended for and directed to Users in the United States and the UK. By the Terms of Use, UK law applies. If you are a User accessing the Rage Sites from the European Union, Asia, or any other region with laws or regulations governing personal data collection, use, and disclosure, that differ from the law of England, please be advised that through your continued use of the Rage Sites, which are governed by U.K. law, this Privacy Notice, and our Terms of Use, you are transferring your personal information to the United Kingdom and you consent to that transfer. Modification. If you wish to modify or update your personally identifiable information, use the web-site or application interface. If you need help, please contact us at the following email address: admin(@) operate.com Please note that deletion of your personally identifiable information from Rage's database will not prevent Rage from using gathered anonymous information. Third Parties' Practices. This Privacy Policy does not cover the information practices exercised by other provides of products or services, advertisers or other web sites, or companies/people that Rage does not own or control, or does not employ or manage. In the Event of Merger, Sale, or Bankruptcy In the event that Rage is acquired by or merged with a third party entity, we reserve the right, in any of these circumstances, to transfer or assign the information we have collected from our Users as part of such merger, acquisition, sale, or other change of control. In the unlikely event of our bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, receivership, or assignment for the benefit of creditors, or the application of laws or equitable principles affecting creditors' rights generally, we may not be able to control how your personal information is treated, transferred, or used. Date Last Modified This Privacy Policy was last modified March 13, 2007.
