> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the nebu.com privacy policy that was archived on 2016-05-10. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20160510022406id_/http%3A//www.nebu.com/privacy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy Policy

On 26 May 2012, the rules about cookies on websites changed. This site uses cookies. These cookies are essential for the site to operate and do not contain any sensitive information. We also use Google Analytics script which also uses cookies.

This website uses Google Analytics, Yahoo! and other measurement tools to help analyse how users use the site. These tools use 'cookies', which are text files placed on your computer, to collect standard internet log information and visitor behavior information in an anonymous form. The information generated by the cookie about your use of the website (including your IP address) is transmitted to Google. This information is then used to evaluate visitors use of the website and to compile statistical reports on website activity for [Advanced Web Metrics](http://www.advanced-web-metrics.com/).

We will never (and will not allow any third party) use the statistical analytics tool to track or to collect any personally identifiable information of visitors to our site. Google will not associate your IP address with any other data held by Google. Neither we nor Google will link, or seek to link, an IP address with the identity of a computer user. We will not associate any data gathered from this site with any personally identifying information from any source, unless you explicity submit that information via a fill-in form on our website.

If you would like more information about Yahoo! data collection and to know your choices about not having this information used by Yahoo!, [click here](https://info.yahoo.com/privacy/us/yahoo/datastorage/).

## Further information about cookies

The Interactive Advertising Bureau (IAB) is an industry body that develops standard and guidelines to support online business processes. It has produced a series of [web pages](http://www.iabeurope.eu/policy/e-privacy/cookies-explained-faq-and-videos) which explain how cookies work and how they can be managed.

### Nebu cookies

Cookie name| Cookie lifetime| Cookie purpose  
---|---|---  
GUEST_LANGUAGE_ID | Session* | This cookie is used for showing the website on the proper language.  
JSESSIONID | Session* | This cookie is used for managing user session on the Nebu website.  
nebu_cookie_info | 365 days | This cookie stored if the cookie information is already shown for the current user.  
  
### Third party cookies

Cookie name| Cookie lifetime| Cookie purpose  
---|---|---  
__utmb  
__utmc  
__utma  
__utmz | 30 minutes  
Session*  
2 years  
6 months | Nebu uses Google Analytics for anonymous information about the use of the website (statistical data), such as the visit session, identify unique visitors, traffic source, etc.  
  
* These cookies will expire when browser is closed. Session cookies only last for the duration of a user's visit to a website. Session cookies help improve the functionality of website by passing information on from one page to another.
