> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the bushcraftusa.com privacy policy that was archived on 2019-06-16. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20190616025516id_/http%3A//bushcraftusa.com/forum/help/privacy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy Policy | Bushcraft USA Forums

This Privacy Policy is a supplement to and is hereby incorporated by reference into the Bushcraft USA’s Terms of Use, as modified from time to time and located at http://bushcraftusa.com/forum/help/termsofuse/. This Privacy Policy governs the manner in which **** Bushcraft USA, LLC (“ **Bushcraft USA** ,” “ **we** ,” “ **us** ,” or “ **our** ”) collects, uses, maintains, and discloses information collected from users (“ **you** ,” “ **your** ” or “ **User** ”) of its [www.bushcraftusa.com](http://www.bushcraftusa.com/) web site and any derivative or affiliated web sites on which this Privacy Policy is posted (collectively, the “ **Site** ”). Bushcraft USA reserves the right, in its sole discretion, to change, modify, add, or remove portions of this Privacy Policy at any time by posting such changes to this page. You understand that you have the affirmative obligation to check this Privacy Policy periodically for changes, and you hereby agree to periodically review this Privacy Policy for such changes. The continued use of the Site following the posting of changes to this Privacy Policy constitutes your acceptance of those changes. 

##  Privacy 

Bushcraft USA is committed to safeguarding the information you entrust to Bushcraft USA and believes that every User should know how it utilizes the information collected from Users. Please note that the Site may contain links to other web sites, and the Site allows Users to download or otherwise access Content (including software), controlled by third parties. Bushcraft USA is not responsible for the privacy practices of these or any other web sites or any Content controlled by third parties, and you access and utilize such Content and web sites entirely at your own risk. Bushcraft USA recommends that you review the privacy and other practices governing any other web sites that you choose to visit and any Content you wish to download or otherwise access. ****

Bushcraft USA is based, and this web site is hosted, in the United States of America. If you are from the European Union, Canada, or other regions of the world with laws governing data collection and use that may differ from U.S. law and you are registering an account on the Site, visiting the Site or otherwise using the Site, please note that any personally identifiable information that you provide to Bushcraft USA may be transferred to or utilized by Bushcraft USA or its affiliates in the United States. Any such personally identifiable information provided may be processed and stored in the United States by Bushcraft USA or a service provider acting on its behalf. 

##  The Information Bushcraft USA Collects 

Users may provide and Bushcraft USA may collect personally identifiable information from Users in a variety of ways. Personally identifiable information may include, without limitation: (i) contact data (such as a User’s name, mailing and e-mail addresses); (ii) demographic data (such as a User’s zip code or age); (iii) financial information collected to process orders or purchases made from Bushcraft USA via the Site or otherwise (such as credit card, debit card or other payment information); or (iv) other information requested during the account registration process. If you communicate with Bushcraft USA by e-mail or otherwise, post User Content to the Site, post messages to any forums, complete online forms, surveys or entries, provide information outside of the account registration process, or otherwise interact with or uses the features on the Site, any information you provide may be collected by Bushcraft USA. 

Bushcraft USA may also collect information about how Users use the Site, for example, by tracking the number of unique views received by the pages of the Site, or the domains and Internet Protocol (“ **IP** ”) addresses from which Users originate. While not all of the information that Bushcraft USA collects from Users is personally identifiable, it may be associated with personally identifiable information that Users provide Bushcraft USA through the Site or otherwise. Additionally, certain information regarding your computer systems, network locations, IP address, and software may be communicated to Bushcraft USA in certain circumstances by the digital rights management systems associated with certain Content that you download or access via the Site in order to prevent unauthorized use or distribution of the associated Content. Non-personally identifiable information collected by Bushcraft USA (such as patterns of utilization) is exclusively owned by Bushcraft USA and may be used as it sees fit in accordance with applicable law. 

## Cookies

Like most web sites, the Site uses cookies and web log files to track site usage. A cookie is a tiny data file that resides on your computer that allows Bushcraft USA to recognize you as a User when you return to the Site using the same computer and web browser. Like the information you enter during account registration, cookies and log file data are used to customize your experience on the Site. One type of cookie, known as a “persistent” cookie, is set once you have logged in to your Site account. The next time you visit our Site, the persistent cookie will allow us to recognize you as an existing User so you will not need to log in before using the Site. In order to access or change any of your private information, you must log in with your password even if your computer contains your persistent cookie. Additionally, if you log out of the Site you will need to re-enter your password the next time you visit in order to log in to your account. Another type of cookie, called a “session” cookie, is used to identify a particular visit to the Site. Session cookies expire after a short time or when you close your web browser. You can choose to disable cookies on your browser or allow your browser to notify you when a cookie is being sent, however this may prevent you from utilizing certain features of the Site. 

## IP Addresses 

Due to the communications standards on the Internet, we automatically receive the uniform resource locator (“ **URL** ”) of the web site from which you came and the web site to which you proceed once you leave the Site. We also receive the IP address of your computer (or the proxy server you use to access the World Wide Web), your computer operating system and type of web browser you are using, as well as the name of your Internet service provider (“ **ISP** ”). This information is used to analyze overall trends to help us improve the Site. The linkage between your IP address and your personally identifiable information is shared with third parties in accordance with this Privacy Policy. 

## Web Beacons and Ad Networks

We may allow other companies, called ad networks, to serve advertisements to Users via the Site. Ad networks include third party ad servers, ad agencies, ad technology vendors and research firms. Bushcraft USA may “target” some ads to Users that fit a certain general profile. To deliver these ads properly, the Site may include a file, called a web beacon, from these ad networks within pages served by the Site or implement other monitoring technologies so the networks may provide anonymous, aggregated auditing, research and reporting for advertisers as well as to target ads to you while you visit other web sites. These general targets may also be used by ad networks to display targeted ads on other web sites as a substitute for random, irrelevant ads. In addition, the Site may use the technology of ad networks to serve ads only when you visit this Site. Ad networks may use non-personal information, such as your state or zip code, in order to provide advertisements about goods and services that may be of particular interest to you while you visit this Site. Because your web browser must request these advertisements and web beacons from the ad network’s servers, these companies can view, edit or set their own cookies, just as if you had requested a web page from their site. 

## How Bushcraft USA Uses Information

Bushcraft USA may use personally identifiable information collected through the Site for the specific purposes for which the information was collected, to contact Users regarding Content, advertise products or services offered by Bushcraft USA, or otherwise to enhance Users’ experience with Bushcraft USA and/or the Site. Bushcraft USA may also use information collected through the Site for research regarding the effectiveness of the Site and the business planning, marketing, advertising, and sales efforts of Bushcraft USA, its trusted affiliates, independent contractors, and business partners. Information collected from you may also be used to ensure compliance with certain terms, conditions, and agreements entered between you and Bushcraft USA as well as to prevent unauthorized use or disclosure of Content downloaded or otherwise accessed via the Site. 

Bushcraft USA will communicate with you through email and notices posted on this Site. These may include a series of welcome emails which help inform new Users about various features of the Site, emails, confirmations regarding actions taken by you on the Site, and notices relating to the proper functioning of the Site or your account. Bushcraft USA may use your personal information to send you promotional information relating to the Content, products, and services offered by third parties that Bushcraft USA feels may be of interest to you. The personal information you provide will allow us to alert you to new developments, new products, features, enhancements, special offers, upgrade opportunities, surveys, contests, and events of interest. We strive to limit use of the information you provide to those offers that we think you would appreciate receiving. To opt out of further communications from a marketing partner or sponsor with whom your information has been shared, please contact that partner directly. We may send Bushcraft USA emails that may contain information regarding third party products or services; however, this doesn’t mean that we’ve traded your personal information to any party. 

##  Disclosure of Information 

Bushcraft USA may disclose personally identifiable information collected from Users to its parent, subsidiary, and other related companies, trusted affiliates, independent contractors, and business partners who will use the information for the purposes outlined above, as necessary to provide the services offered by the Site and the Site itself, and for the specific purposes for which the information was collected. Bushcraft USA may disclose personally identifiable information at the request of law enforcement or governmental agencies or in response to subpoenas, court orders, or other legal process, to establish, protect or exercise Bushcraft USA’s legal or other rights, to defend against a legal claim or as otherwise allowed by law. Bushcraft USA may disclose personally identifiable information in order to protect the rights, property, or safety of a User or any other person. Bushcraft USA may disclose personally identifiable information to investigate or prevent a violation by User of any contractual or other relationship with Bushcraft USA or where Bushcraft USA has a good faith belief that access, preservation, or disclosure of such information is reasonably necessary to protect the rights, property, or safety of Bushcraft USA, its users or the public or the perpetration of any illegal or harmful activity. Bushcraft USA may also disclose aggregate, anonymous data based on information collected from Users to Content developers, investors, advertisers, and potential partners. Finally, Bushcraft USA may disclose or transfer personally identifiable information collected from Users in connection with or in contemplation of a sale of its assets or business or a merger, consolidation, or other reorganization of its business. ****

##  Personal Information Provided as Part of User Content 

If a User includes such User’s personally identifiable information as part of the User Content that such User posts to the Site, such information may be made available to any parties using the Site and/or such User Content. Bushcraft USA does not edit or otherwise remove such information from User Content before it is posted on the Site. If a User does not wish to have such User’s personally identifiable information made available in this manner, such User must remove any such information from the User Content before posting. User contact information (which may include, without limitation, a User’s username and email address) may be included with any User Content that a User posts via the Site. Bushcraft USA is not liable for any damages caused or incurred due to personally identifiable information made available in the foregoing manners. ****

## Security of Information

Information about Users that is maintained on Bushcraft USA’s systems is protected using industry standard security measures. In order to secure your personal information, access to your data is password-protected, and physically secured in a data center with limited access. However, no security measures are perfect or impenetrable, and Bushcraft USA cannot guarantee that the information submitted to, maintained on, or transmitted from its systems will be completely secure. Bushcraft USA is not responsible for the circumvention of any privacy settings or security measures contained on the Site by any Users or third parties. 

##  Children's privacy 

Although our website is a general audience site, we do not knowingly collect personal information from children under the age of 13. If you believe we have information about a child under 13 through improper means, please notify us at bushcraftusa@gmail.com. 

##  Opt-Out 

When you sign up for our updates or receive e-mail messages from Bushcraft USA, you will always be given the chance to opt-out of special offers and site updates. You may change your preferences at any time and will only be contacted in manners consistent with your stated preferences. All retained personally identifiable information will continue to be subject to the terms of the Privacy Policy to which you have previously agreed. 

##  Your California Privacy Rights 

California Civil Code Section 1798.83 permits Users that are residents of California to request certain information regarding Bushcraft USA’s disclosures of personally identifiable information to third parties for such third parties’ direct marketing purposes. If you are a California resident and would like to make such a request, please email Bushcraft USA at bushcraftusa@gmail.com. 

##  Correcting, Updating, Accessing or Removing Personal Information 

To the extent applicable, if a User’s personally identifiable information changes (such as a User’s zip code), or if a User no longer desires to receive non-account specific information from Bushcraft USA, Bushcraft USA will endeavor to provide a way to correct, update and/or remove that User’s previously-provided personal data. This can be done by emailing a request to Bushcraft USA at bushcraftusa@gmail.com. Additionally, you may request access to the personally identifiable information as collected by Bushcraft USA by sending a request to Bushcraft USA as set forth above. Please note that in certain circumstances, Bushcraft USA may not be able to completely remove a User’s information from its systems. For example, Bushcraft USA may retain a User’s personal information for legitimate business purposes, if it may be necessary to prevent fraud or future abuse, for account recovery purposes, if required by law or as retained in Bushcraft USA’s data backup systems or cached or archived pages. All retained personally identifiable information will continue to be subject to the terms of the Privacy Policy to which the User has previously agreed. 

##  Contacting BUSHCRAFT USA 

If you have any questions or comments about this Privacy Policy, you may contact Bushcraft USA via any of the following methods: 

Bushcraft USA, LLC   
PO Box 212   
Lawson, MO 64062   
Email: bushcraftusa@gmail.com 

[ ](https://bushcraftusa.com/forum/)
