> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the businessforsale.com privacy policy that was archived on 2015-03-17. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20150317134736id_/http%3A//www.businessforsale.com/privacy-policy.html) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy Policy | BusinessForSale.Com

##  **BUSINESSFORSALE.COM’S PRIVACY POLICY**

INFORMATION GATHERED BY businessforsale.com. This is businessforsale.com’s (“businessforsale.com”) online privacy policy (“Policy”). This policy applies only to activities businessforsale.com engages in on its website and does not apply to businessforsale.com activities that are "offline" or unrelated to the website. Businessforsale.com collects certain anonymous data regarding the usage of the website. This information does not personally identify users, by itself or in combination with other information, and is gathered to improve the performance of the website. The anonymous data collected by the businessforsale.com website can include information such as the type of browser you are using, and the length of the visit to the website. You may also be asked to provide personally identifiable information on the businessforsale.com website, which may include your name, address, telephone number, credit card number, and e-mail address. This information can be gathered when feedback or e-mails are sent to businessforsale.com, when you register for services, or make purchases via the website. In all such cases you have the option of providing us with personally identifiable information.

COOKIES. Cookies are small bits of data cached in a user’s browser. Businessforsale.com utilizes cookies to determine whether or not you have visited the home page in the past. We primarily use Google Cookies which we believe are the safest form of cookie use. **For a detailed description of our cookie policy navigate to:  <http://www.businessforsale.com/cookie-policy.html>**

GOOGLE ANALYTICS COOKIES: Businessforsale.com uses Google Analytics to analyze the use of this website. Google Analytics generates statistical and other information about website use by means of cookies, which are stored on users' computers. The information generated relating to our website is used to create reports about the use of the website. Google will store and use this information. Google's privacy policy is available at: [http://www.google.com/privacypolicy.html](http://www.google.com/privacypolicy.html)

GOOGLE ADSENSE COOKIES: Third-party vendors, including Google, use cookies to serve ads based on a user's prior visits to our website.

Google's use of the DART cookie enables it and its partners to serve ads to our users based on their visit to our sites and/or other sites on the Internet.

Users may opt out of the use of the DART cookie by visiting the [advertising opt-out page](http://www.google.co.uk/privacy_ads.html).

USE AND DISCLOSURE OF INFORMATION. Except as otherwise stated below, we do not sell, trade or rent your personally identifiable information collected on the site to others. The information collected by our site is used to process orders, to keep you informed about your order status, to notify you of products or special offers that may be of interest to you, and for statistical purposes for improving our site. We will disclose your personally identifiable information to third parties for order tracking purposes, to charge your credit card (or process your check or money order, as appropriate), fill your order, improve the functionality of our site, perform statistical and data analyses deliver your order and deliver promotional emails to you from us. For example, we must release your mailing address information to the credit card processor to charge for the listing or service that you ordered.

Businessforsale.Com may use non-personal "aggregated data" to enhance the operation of our website, or analyze interest in the areas of our website. Moreover, we may in some circumstances disclose personally identifiable information to third parties to enhance your experience on our website. Additionally, if you provide businessforsale.com with content for publishing or feedback, we may publish your user name or other identifying data with your permission.

Businessforsale.Com may also disclose personally identifiable information in order to respond to a subpoena, court order or other such request. Businessforsale.Com may also provide such personally identifiable information in response to a law enforcement agencies request or as otherwise required by law. Your personally identifiable information may be provided to a party if businessforsale.com files for bankruptcy, or there is a transfer of the assets or ownership of businessforsale.com in connection with proposed or consummated corporate reorganizations, such as mergers or acquisitions.

OTHER WEBSITES. Businessforsale.com is not responsible for the privacy policies of websites to which it links. If you provide any information to such third parties different rules regarding the collection and use of your personal information may apply. We strongly suggest you review such third partys privacy policies before providing any data to them. We are not responsible for the policies or practices of third parties. Please be aware that our sites may contain links to other sites on the Internet that are owned and operated by third parties. The information practices of those Web sites linked to our site is not covered by this Policy. These other sites may send their own cookies or clear GIFs to users, collect data or solicit personally identifiable information. We cannot control this collection of information. You should contact these entities directly if you have any questions about their use of the information that they collect.

SECURITY. Businessforsale.com takes appropriate steps to ensure data privacy and security including through various hardware and software methodologies. However, businessforsale.com cannot guarantee the security of any information that is disclosed online.

CHILDREN. Businessforsale.com does not knowingly collect personal information from children under the age of 13. Children are not permitted to use the businessforsale.com website or services, and businessforsale.com requests that children under the age of 13 not submit any personal information to the website. Since information regarding children under the age of 13 is not collected, businessforsale.com does not knowingly distribute personal information regarding children under the age of 13.

CORRECTIONS AND UPDATES. If you wish to modify or update any information businessforsale.com has received, please contact info@businessforsale.com.

MODIFICATIONS OF THE PRIVACY POLICY. Businessforsale.com reserves the rights to modify its privacy policy at any time and will notify you by posting an amendment to the privacy policy on the website. Such modifications will become effective on the day they are posted. Businessforsale.com encourages you to frequently review the privacy policy for any modifications.
