> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the business.govt.nz privacy policy that was archived on 2008-12-18. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20081218070606id_/http%3A//business.govt.nz/About-business-govt-nz/Privacy.aspx) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy

Our privacy policy is governed by the New Zealand Privacy Act 1993. 

Any identifiable personal information saved in 'my business' is stored securely. We take all reasonable steps required by law to ensure it is not disclosed to any third parties. Visitor aggregate data on registered users of ‘my business’ is assessed for reporting purposes from time to time. In this assessment all individuals remain anonymous. 

We use web measurement tools to collect statistical information about your visit. We use this information to help us understand how people are using business.govt.nz and to improve the site. These tools do not identify the individuals using the site. We can see a record of what people do on the site, but not who they are. The information we collect includes: 

  * Your top level domain name, for example .co.nz 
  * The search terms you use 
  * The pages you visit on the site and the links you select 
  * The date, time and duration of your visit 
  * The site you visited before arriving at business.govt.nz 
  * Your operating system, for example Windows XP, Mac OS 
  * The type of internet browser you are using to view business.govt.nz, for example Internet Explorer. 



Our site uses temporary cookies (files that a website transfers to your computer) to help balance the load on our servers. These cookies do not collect any personal data and are deleted when you close your browser. You can choose to disable the use of cookies, but this may affect your ability to use some of the site’s features and view some content. 

This site also uses Google Analytics, a web analytics service provided by Google Inc. Google Analytics uses cookies. The information generated by the cookie about your use of the site is transmitted to, and stored by Google on servers in the United States. Google uses this information for the purpose of evaluating how you use this site, compiling reports on site activity, and providing other services relating to site activity and internet usage. Google may also transfer this information to third parties where required to do so by law, or where such third parties process the information on Google's behalf. Google will not associate your IP address with any other data held by Google. When you use this site you consent to the processing of data about you by Google, in the manner and for the purposes set out above. 

[ Contact us if you have an enquiry or concern about our privacy policy.](https://web.archive.org/ContactUs.aspx)
