> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the busters.co.za privacy policy that was archived on 2016-10-16. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20161016024322id_/http%3A//www.busters.co.za/content/privacy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy Policy | Busters Discount Vouchers

## Privacy Policy

**Privacy Policy**  
PLEASE READ THE FOLLOWING TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF USE CAREFULLY BEFORE USING THIS WEBSITE.

We understand that your privacy while using our Site is important, especially when conducting business or providing sensitive personal information. This notice will govern our Privacy Policy for users of this or any other BUSTERS website, whether or not a transaction of any sort is conducted while visiting.

**Your Personal Information**  
The information we learn from customers helps us to personalize and continually improve our customer service, while developing ways to improve your experience at BUSTERS. Following is some of the information we gather about our users.  
Information You Provide Us: When you complete a Customer Profile or other form online or communicate with us via e-mail, letter, fax or phone, we receive and store the information you've provided. This information is basic, including: name, addresses, phone, fax and cell phone numbers, e-mail address, interests and business information (if applicable). We use this information that you provide for such purposes as responding to your requests, communicating with you and customizing future services for you.

Third Party Vendors: In addition to collecting your information, we have third party vendors who will also collect your information in order to provide the products and/or services you've requested (e.g. credit card companies or banks, fulfillment companies, call centers, suppliers, affiliates and marketing companies). In general, these companies are intermediaries acting solely to provide services related to your request. Most of these vendors have their own privacy policy to protect your information, and have access to personal information needed to perform their functions on behalf of BUSTERS, but may not use the same for other purposes.

Are Cookies Used By BUSTERS: We use cookies to obtain a variety of information which provides us details as to what product and information interest our visitors the most. Cookies can also be used to protect your information. If you wish to disable our cookie from obtaining this information, you can seek programs that will allow you to visit our site anonymously.  
Cookies are alphanumeric identifiers that we transfer to your computer's hard drive through your Web browser to enable our systems to recognize your browser. We can see what pages you click through, plus store items in your Shopping Cart between visits. The 'Help' portion of the toolbar on most browsers will instruct you on how to prevent your browser from accepting new cookies, how to have the browser notify you when you receive a new cookie, and/or how to disable cookies altogether. Please note that disabling cookies will prevent you from using many of our services.

This website uses Google Analytics, a web analytics service provided by Google, Inc. ("Google"). Google Analytics uses "cookies", which are text files placed on your computer to help the website analyse how visitors use the site. The information generated by the cookie about your use of the website (including your IP address) will be transmitted to and stored by Google servers. Google will use this information for the purpose of evaluating your use of the website, compiling reports on website activity for website operators and providing other services relating to website activity and internet usage. Google may also transfer this information to third parties where required to do so by law, or where such third parties process the information on Google's behalf. Google will not associate your IP address with any other data held by Google. You may refuse the use of cookies by selecting the appropriate settings on your browser, however please note that if you do this you may not be able to use the full functionality of this website. By using this website, you consent to the processing of data about you by Google in the manner and for the purposes set out above.

Information from other sources: We might receive information about you from other sources and add it to our account information. Examples may include, but not be limited to, updated delivery and address information from our carriers or other third parties, which we use to correct our records and deliver your next purchase or communication more easily; account information, purchase or redemption information, and page-view information from some merchants with which we operate co-branded businesses or for which we provide technical, fulfillment, advertising, or other services; search term and search result information from some searches conducted through the Web search features offered by certain organizations; search results and links, including paid listings (such as Sponsored Links); and credit history information from credit bureaus, which we use to help prevent and detect fraud and to offer certain credit or financial services to some customers, and information from data providers.

**Does BUSTERS Share the Information It Receives?**  
Simply said, no. Under no circumstances will we ever give away or sell your personal information to anyone else for any reason whatsoever, without prior written approval from yourself. Any information we gain through our use of customer polls, surveys, cookies, session tracking or anything else, is used internally and for the sole purpose of providing you better service. If you are on our mailing list and you ask us to remove you, we will immediately and will not attempt to sell on your information. As we do with our own, we respect your privacy.

Information about our customers is an important part of our business, and we are not in the business of selling it to other companies. We share customer information only as described in this statement and with subsidiaries of BUSTERS with controls that are either subject to this Privacy Notice or follow the practice at least as protective as that described in this Notice.

**How Secure Is Information About Me?**  
All of our employees and partners are familiar with our security policy and practices. Your personal information is only accessible to a limited number of qualified people who are given a password in order to gain access to the information. We audit our security systems and processes on a regular basis. Sensitive information, such as credit card numbers or social security numbers, is protected by encryption protocols, in place to protect information sent over the Internet.

While we take commercially reasonable measures to maintain a secure site, electronic communications and databases are subject to errors, tampering and break-ins, and we cannot guarantee or warrant that such events will not take place and we will not be liable for any such occurrences. You will find that almost all Internet e-commerce providers make this same claim, especially if they use privacy policy templates such as this one to make known their company or organization privacy policies.  
We reveal only the last five digits of your credit card numbers when confirming an order. Of course, we transmit the entire credit card number to the appropriate credit card company during order processing. Protect against unauthorized access to your password and to your computer by signing off when you finish using a computer.

**What Choices Do I Have?**  
As discussed above, you always have the choice not to provide information, even though it might be needed to make a purchase with BUSTERS. You can add or update certain information on your Personal BUSTERS pages at any time. If you do not want to receive e-mails or other mail from us, simply click the Preferences link at the footer of any email sent by BUSTERS and you will be removed from our mailing list. To remove other personal information from BUSTERS, please contact our offices. Please note that you cannot opt-out of communication pertaining to services such as making a purchase on BUSTERS.

**Conditions of Use, Notices, and Revisions**  
If you choose to visit BUSTERS, your visit and any dispute over privacy is subject to this Notice and our Conditions of Use, including limitations on damages, arbitration of disputes, and application of the laws of the Republic of South Africa. If you have any concern about privacy at our site, please contact us with a thorough description, and we will try to resolve it.

Because our business changes constantly, our Privacy Notice and the Conditions of Use will change also. We may e-mail periodic reminders of our notices and conditions, unless you have instructed us not to, but you should check our Web Site frequently to see recent changes.  
Unless stated otherwise, our current Privacy Notice applies to all information that we have about you and your account. We stand behind the promises we make, however, and will never materially change our policies and practices to make them less protective of customer information collected in the past without the consent of affected customers.

BUSTERS features public forums where users with similar interests can share information and support one another or where users can post questions. Our communities are open to the public and should not be considered private.  
Any information you share in any online community area is by design open to the public and is not private. You should think carefully before posting any personal information in any public forum. What you post can be seen, disclosed to or collected by third parties and may be used by others in ways we cannot control or predict, including to contact you for unauthorized purposes. As with any public forum on any site, the information you post may also show up in third-party search engines like Google, Yahoo, MSN, Bing etc.

**Consumer Protection Act (CPA)**  
South African CPA laws shall supersede any BUSTERS terms and conditions which conflict with the act or any other laws in the Republic of South Africa.  
**BUSTERS’s Contact Information – Email:** info[at]BUSTERS.co.za | **Postal Address:** P.O. Box 253, Melrose Arch, 2076
