> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the kiva.org privacy policy that was archived on 2016-10-12. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20161012134109id_/https%3A//www.kiva.org/legal/privacy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy policy | Kiva

### (Last updated 6/1/2016)*

_*Substantive Changes from the prior version will generally be highlighted below for at least one month._

This Privacy Policy describes how Kiva Microfunds (“Kiva”) collects and uses the personal information you provide to Kiva through our Website ([www.kiva.org](http://www.kiva.org/)) or by other means. It also describes the choices available to you regarding our use of your personal information and how you can access and update this information. By accessing or using the Website, you signify that you have read this Privacy Policy, and you expressly consent to our collection, use, disclosure, storage and protection of your personal information as described in this Privacy Policy.

**1.     No sale of personal information**.  Kiva will not rent or sell your personal information to third parties. 

**2.     Information you provide through the account creation and update process**.  When you create an account on the Website, we collect basic information about you through the registration process – your name, email address, and a means to authenticate your account (for example, a password). You may also choose to provide additional information through the account creation and update process, such as the person who referred you to Kiva, your location (for example, city, state/province and country), a picture and your address. If you choose to access the Website through your Facebook account, you are creating an account with Kiva on the Website and you grant Kiva permission to access your basic Facebook information (including gender and birthday) and, with your express consent, to use other information about you from Facebook in accordance with the Facebook terms of use, our [Terms of Use](https://www.kiva.org/legal/terms) and this Privacy Policy. Services like Facebook Connect give you the option to post information about your activities on this Website to your profile page to share with others within your network. You can review and update the account information you provide to Kiva through the Website by logging into your account on the Website. We collect any additional information you choose to provide us when you update your account on the Website. 

**3.     Information displayed on your lender page**.  When you register for an account on the Website, the default profile setting is to have a public lender profile on the Website and under this setting, a basic public lender page will automatically be created for you. The basic public lender page shows to the public your first name, area of residence (city, state/province and country), public lender page URL and the date on which you created an account on the Website.  If you have performed work for Kiva, information related to this work may be automatically included on your basic public lender page (for example, if you have been a Kiva fellow, your Kiva fellow blog posts). You may also choose to provide other information through the creation of a lender page (for example, your occupation, the reasons why you lend, a description of your work and your website). You can review and update the lender page information you provide to Kiva through the Website by logging into your account on the Website. You have the option of closing down your public lender profile on the Website by changing your lender page setting to anonymous at your discretion. If you have a public lender profile, once you begin to make Loans on the Website or utilize other features on the Website, your public lender page on the Website will automatically show information about your activity on the Website (as further described below). 

**4.     Information collected and displayed about the Loans that you have made (“Loan Transactions”)**.  Kiva collects information on your Loan Transactions, individually (for example, amount of a Loan Transaction, recipient of a Loan, Loan location, Loan status) and in the aggregate (for example, number of Loan Transactions and the distribution of Loan Transactions by gender, country, sector and partner). If you have created an account on the Website and conducted Loan Transactions through your account, Kiva makes information on these Loan Transactions available to you on your private portfolio page on the Website. Except as noted in Section 10 below, Kiva will not disclose your personally identifiable Loan Transaction information to any third party without your consent (please note: having a public lender profile setting on the Website at the time of disclosure is considered consent for such disclosure). If you have a public lender profile, information on Loan Transactions conducted through your Account will be displayed on your public lender page. Kiva may further publicly display and disclose Loan Transaction information, either in a personally identifiable or anonymous manner (depending on your lender profile setting at the time of such display or disclosure), for example, as part of the latest activity of any Lending Team to which you may have attributed the Loan, as part of the current activity on the Website and as part of a historical visualization of activity on the Website. If you have created an account on the Website and conducted Loan Transactions through your account, you can review information for these Loan Transactions by logging into your account on the Website. 

**5.     Information collected, displayed and used for other Website and Program features**.  As you use additional features on the Website or otherwise participate in the Program, we may collect any additional information you choose to provide in order to facilitate the operation of these features on the Website or your participation in the Program. For example: 

**a.    Lending Teams**.  If you join a Lending Team and you have a public lender profile, information about your Lending Team will be displayed on your public lender page (for example, Lending Team name and location, as well as the number of Loans made by the Lending Team). In turn, you will be displayed as a member of the Lending Team (and a captain of the Lending Team, if applicable) either in a personally identifiable or anonymous manner (depending on your lender profile setting). Information about the Loan Transactions that you have attributed to a Lending Team (individually and in the aggregate) also will be displayed as part of Loans made by that Lending Team. You can review your Lending Team information by logging into your account on the Website. 

**b.     Invitees**.  The lending profile of persons who have accepted your invitations to create an account on the Website may be displayed on your lending page as accepted invitees. In turn, if you have accepted an invitation to create an account on the Website, your lending profile may be displayed as an accepted invitee on the lending page of the person who invited you. If you have created an account on the Website and invited persons using the Kiva invitation feature in your account, you can review your invite activity and your accepted invitee information by logging into your account on the Website. 

**c.    Kiva Cards**.  If you purchase a Kiva Card gift product, we collect information about your purchase (for example, your name as purchaser, amount you spent, number of Kiva Cards purchased and purchase dates) and information about your recipient that you provide (for example, recipient name, email address and physical address). Kiva uses the information you provide in order to deliver the Kiva Card and contact the purchaser and/or the recipient with respect to the purchased items. We may automatically disclose to the purchaser of an electronic Kiva Card the redeeming lender profile and date of redemption of the electronic Kiva Card. If you have created an account on the Website and purchased Kiva Cards through your account, you can review your Kiva Card information by logging into your account on the Website. 

**d.     Comments and messages**.  If you use interactive features on the Website to write a comment (for example, on a Kiva blog, message board or volunteer forum), Kiva will collect your name and your comment, and optionally, your location and Kiva may publicly display this information. If you use interactive features on the Website to write a message through Kiva’s lender messaging feature, Kiva will collect your message and information about your recipient that you provide in order to deliver your message to the recipient and make your message available for access by the recipient. You should be aware that any information you provide in these areas may be read, collected, and used by others who access them. To request removal of your personal information from our blog or community forum, please contact us.  In some cases, we may not be able to remove your personal information, in which case we will let you know if we are unable to do so and why. 

**e.     Integrated third party features**.  If you use features on the Website that are integrated with third party websites or services (for example, Twitter and Facebook) to share information about your activity on the Website (for example, information about recently completed Loan Transactions and whether you “like” Kiva) through the third party website or service, Kiva will share this information with the third party website or service and additional information, if any, that you choose to provide to Kiva in order to use these features (for example, your username for the third party website or service). However, Kiva reserves the right to withhold or withdraw information related to borrowers to the extent necessary to protect the privacy of borrowers. If you use interactive features on Kiva to indicate that you "recommend" a particular feature or listing on Kiva, that information will be collected and may be displayed on the Website and furthermore shared on any applicable third party websites and services to which you have authorized such information sharing. 

**f.    Donations**.  Kiva collects information on any donations you make to Kiva (whether through the Website or offline) to communicate with you (for example, to provide donation confirmations) via your email address, physical address or through other means of contact that you have chosen to provide to Kiva. 

**g.     Customer service**.  If you contact Kiva customer service, we will collect the information you provide (for example, your name, email address, physical address, phone number and question/comment) in order to contact you and address your question or comment. 

**h.     Applications**.  If you submit an application to Kiva (for example, to be an employee, volunteer, borrower, trustee or field partner), we collect the information you submit (for example, name, phone number, resume, cover letter and position of interest) to assess the application and follow up with you on such submission.  If you are applying to be a Kiva fellow, we reserve the right to disclose your application information to our field partners in order to help evaluate your application and placement. 

**i.     Surveys and Promotions**. From time-to-time, Kiva may provide you the opportunity to participate in promotions or surveys through the Website or through email. If you participate, we may request certain personally identifiable information from you. Participation in these surveys or promotions is completely voluntary and you therefore have a choice whether or not to disclose this information. The requested information typically includes contact information (such as name and shipping address), and demographic information (such as zip code and gender). We use this information to notify and award promotion winners, to monitor Website traffic, personalize the Website and Program and to send participants email newsletters. We may use third party service providers to conduct these surveys or promotions. We will not share the personally identifiable information you provide through a contest or survey with other third parties unless we give you prior notice and choice. 

**j.    Kiva API**.  The Kiva API is a service Kiva provides to allow third parties to develop and offer applications, services and features using information from the Website and Program (“Third Party Applications”).  The Kiva API may share any information about you that you have chosen to share publicly on the Website (whether through your lender page settings or otherwise) (“Public Information”).  In addition, if you authorize a Third Party Application to use your non-public information from the Website or Program (for example, your contact information and the amount of your available Kiva Credit and outstanding loans) (“Non-Public Information”), you are giving Kiva permission to share your Non-Public Information to such Third Party Application.  Third Party Applications are not created or maintained by Kiva, but by third parties.  These third parties’ terms of service and privacy policies govern how your information is handled by them (whether you provide your information to these third parties directly or through the Kiva API) and not this Privacy Policy or the Kiva [Terms of Use](http://www.kiva.org/legal/terms).  These third parties have agreed to the Kiva API Terms of Service or a separately negotiated agreement, which contain restrictions on the use of your information.  Despite these agreements, Kiva may not screen or audit any Third Party Application, and Kiva cannot guarantee that third parties will abide by these agreements.  Kiva gives no guarantees or warranties with respect to any Third Party Application and is not responsible for your use or inability to use any Third Party Application, including without limitation the content, accuracy, reliability or security of Third Party Applications or the privacy practices or other policies of third parties.  To revoke permissions that you have granted to a Third Party Application, you may revoke these permissions by logging into your account on the Website or by contacting Kiva. To report suspected misuse of information, please contact us. 

**6.     Information from third parties**.  Kiva collects your information from third parties to facilitate activities and transactions for the operation of the Website and Program, improve User experiences on the Website and in the Program and further Kiva’s mission.  Examples of information we receive from other sources include information from another User about whether you referred that User to Kiva, information from service providers about your use of the Website.  If you choose to use our referral service to tell a friend about our site, we will ask you for your friend’s name and email address. We will automatically send your friend a one-time email inviting him or her to visit the site. Kiva stores this information for the sole purpose of sending this one-time email, offering the ability for you to easily remind your friend and tracking the success of our referral program. Your friend may contact us at [contactus@kiva.org](mailto:contactus@kiva.org) to request that we remove this information from our database. You can import contacts from your Gmail, Yahoo! or other email account address book to invite them to become members of our site. We or our service providers collect the username and password for the email account from which you wish to import your contacts and we will only use it for that purpose. To understand the ways in which Kiva may disclose your information to our affiliates, service providers, agents and representatives, please see Section 10 (Disclosure to affiliates, service providers, agents and representatives) below of this Privacy Policy. 

**7.     Information from cookies and web beacons**.  Cookies are small text files created by a website that store information on your computer, such as your preferences when visiting that website. Similar to many websites, if you have enabled cookies in your browser, Kiva, independently and through enabled third party tools and programs, collects certain technical information using cookies, such as the path of users to the Website, pages visited, originating IP address, browser type, browser language and the date and time of the user's visit. This information helps Kiva track trends and improve areas of the Website and Program, and are common analytics used by most websites. If you have disabled cookies, the Website may not work as it is intended because Kiva uses cookies when you sign in to keep track of your personal session. Web beacons are tiny graphics with a unique identifier that are similar in function to cookies but, instead of being stored on your computer, are embedded invisibly on web pages and are about the size of the period at the end of this sentence. Web beacons are used to track the online movements of internet users. Kiva uses them to better understand User interaction and engagement with the Website and Program (including without limitation, in electronic Communications), such as by learning whether certain users have accessed the Website via links from other websites. Kiva can use this information to tailor its audience for advertisements promoting Kiva. You may set your browser preferences to opt out of the collection and use of this tracking information for ad targeting purposes. One way to set your preferences for what sites can or can't share tracking information with Kiva (or with other websites) is by using a service such as the one available at www.aboutads.info/choices.  Kiva also uses cookies for remarketing, by placing a cookie in your browser to signal that you've visited the Website.  This gives us the option to show you ads for Kiva when you visit other websites that host advertisements.  Kiva supports the Do Not Track preference available on most internet browsers.  When you have enabled the Do Not Track setting on your browser, Kiva's remarketing functionality will be disabled.  The use of cookies by third parties on the Website is for the purpose of making the Website easier to use and to enable certain features of the Website and is not covered by this Privacy Policy.  We do not have control over these cookies. 

**8.     Electronic communications**.  From time to time you will receive disclosures, notices, documents and information based on your account information, status or activity (collectively, "Communications") from Kiva (for example, confirmations of Loans you have made, confirmation receipts for donations you have made, statements or other information with respect to the amount of credit available in your Kiva account, confirmation of email address or password changes, or customer service inquiries regarding the status of or activity in your account). By creating an account with Kiva on the Website, you agree that all Communications from Kiva relating to your use of the Website and participation in the Program may be provided or made available to you electronically by e-mail or at the Website. To access the Communications electronically, you will need to use a computer with Internet Explorer 8.0 or above, Chrome 4.0 or above, Safari 4.0 or above, Opera 10.0 or above or Firefox internet browsers and with hardware capable of running these internet browsers. You may withdraw your consent to receive Communications electronically by contacting Kiva in the manner described below. However, if you withdraw your consent to receive Communications electronically from Kiva (other than for the optional emails described in Section 9 (Optional emails) below), Kiva will not have the ability to permit you to fund any additional Loans through your account on the Website. The withdrawal of your consent will not affect the legal validity and enforceability of electronic Communications provided by or on behalf of us in connection with any of your Loans that have not been fully repaid, or any electronic Communications provided by or on behalf of Kiva prior to the time you withdraw your consent. It is your responsibility to keep Kiva informed of any changes in your email address so that you continue to receive all Communications without interruption. By registering on the Website, you acknowledge that you can access the electronic Communications, and you consent to having all Communications provided or made available to you in electronic form and to participate in the Program electronically. We may also provide you with Communications through physical mail.  You may request a paper copy of any electronic notice from Kiva by sending an email to [contactus@kiva.org](mailto:contactus@kiva.org), including your name and the address to which you would like the paper copy sent. 

**9.     Optional emails**.  By default, you will receive the following types of emails from Kiva, but you can choose not to receive these emails through a preference on the My Account, Email Preferences section of the Website or in the email: Loan repayment notifications, auto lending notifications, Kiva news, Loan updates, lender messages and team messages. Kiva will not disclose your email address to our field partners, borrowers or lenders in any case.  Note that if you have a public lender profile, other Users can send you messages through the Website. 

**10.    Disclosure to affiliates, service providers, agents and representatives**.  We will disclose your personal information to third parties only in the ways that are described in this privacy statement. Kiva's affiliates and service providers, agents and representatives of Kiva and its affiliates may be provided access to your personally identifiable information as part of, or incident to, their provision of services to Kiva (for example, processing Loan transactions, distributing Kiva emails and fulfilling physical Kiva Card orders). All such access shall be under appropriate confidentiality agreements and limited to use to provide services to Kiva to help Kiva further its mission. 

**11.    Disclosure of non-personally identifiable data**.  Kiva reserves the right to disclose information that does not directly identify you, for example, aggregated or anonymized data, for educational, informational or promotional purposes in furtherance of Kiva’s mission. 

**12.    Legal disclosures**.  Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Privacy Policy or the [Terms of Use](http://www.kiva.org/legal/terms), you acknowledge, consent and agree that Kiva may disclose information in order to: (a) comply with applicable law, regulation, legal process, or governmental request; (b) protect the rights, property and safety of Kiva, Users and others, including intellectual property rights; and (c) enforce or apply our agreements and policies. 

**13.    Use of your information**.  In addition to the uses (including display and disclosure) of your information that we have described above in this Privacy Policy, Kiva uses your information that Kiva has collected as described above in this Privacy Policy in order to facilitate activities and transactions for the operation of the Website and Program, improve User experiences on the Website and in the Program (for example, to personalize the content provided to you on the Website and to enhance connections between lenders and between lenders and borrowers) and further Kiva’s mission. With your consent we may post a short profile along with your name in the Meet the Fellows area of the Website. If you want your profile removed please contact us. 

**14.    Access to your information**. If your personally identifiable information changes, you may correct, update, amend, delete/remove your information by making the change on the My Account, My Lender Page section of the Website or by requesting the change by contacting Kiva by email at [contactus@kiva.org](mailto:contactus@kiva.org) or by postal mail at the contact information listed in Section 22 (How to contact Kiva) below. We will respond to your change request within 30 days. You may terminate your participation in the Program and registered account on the Website at any time and for any reason by sending a written notice of termination to Kiva along with instructions for the disposition of your then-available Kiva Credit and any additional credits that you may receive in the future (e.g., based on repayments of then-outstanding and active Loans), such notice to be effective within 3 days of receipt by Kiva. 

**15.    Links to other websites**.  If you follow any links which remove you from the Website (for example, the independently operated KivaStore.org and KivaFriends.org, PayPal, Facebook, Twitter, Blogger, Wordpress, Salesforce and any websites that use data from our API, including joinfite.org), this Privacy Policy no longer applies – i.e., the privacy policies and practices of other websites and other parties are governed by their respective terms of use and privacy policies. Please note that electronic payment processing for (i) additions of funds into a Kiva account or (ii) withdrawal of funds from a Kiva account is provided by the third-party payment processing provider, PayPal. 

**16.    Public Forums**. Our Website offers publicly accessible blogs or community forums. You should be aware that any information you provide in these areas may be read, collected, and used by others who access them. To request removal of your personal information from our blog or community forum, contact us at [contactus@kiva.org](mailto:contactus@kiva.org).  In some cases, we may not be able to remove your personal information, in which case we will let you know if we are unable to do so and why. 

**17.    Note regarding children under 13**.  The Website is intended to be used by adults. It is not intended for children, and Kiva does not want to collect any personal information for persons who are under the age of 13. Kiva recommends that parents do not post, or permit others to post, any personally identifiable information with respect to persons under the age of 13. If you believe that we have any information from a child under age 13, please contact us at [contactus@kiva.org](mailto:contactus@kiva.org). 

**18.    Security**.  Kiva takes reasonable steps to maintain appropriate physical, technical such as encrypting transmission of information using SSL and administrative security to help prevent loss, misuse and unauthorized access, disclosure and modification of personal information.  While we take these reasonable efforts to safeguard your personal information, no system or transmission of data over the Internet or any other public network can be guaranteed to be 100% secure. 

**19.    Location of data**.  Kiva is headquartered in the USA. Your personal information may be accessed by Kiva, our affiliates, service providers, agents and representatives in the USA or elsewhere in the world.  By providing us with personal information, you consent to this transfer. Kiva will protect the privacy and security of personal information according to this Privacy Policy regardless of where the personal information is processed or stored. 

**20.    Retention period**.  Kiva reserves the right to retain your personal information for a period of 7 years or more to satisfy legal requirements such as recordkeeping and tax and credit reporting requirements, as well as for purposes of fraud prevention, audit and data integrity. In addition, Kiva reserves the right to retain, as well as to use and disclose as permitted pursuant to this Privacy Policy, your personal information for such period of time as reasonably needed by Kiva to facilitate activities and transactions for the operation of the Website and Program, improve User experiences on the Website and in the Program and further Kiva’s mission. Kiva reserves the right to retain information that does not directly identify you, for example, aggregated or anonymized data. 

**21.    Modifications; Interpretation**.  Kiva may update or modify this Privacy Policy from time to time. If any changes are made, Kiva will reflect the date on which any such changes are made and posted by updating the "last updated" date at the top of the page. If we make any material changes we will notify you by email (sent to the e-mail address specified in your account) or by means of a notice on this Website prior to the change becoming effective. Please be sure to check this page periodically for changes. Capitalized terms used but not defined in this Privacy Policy have the meanings set forth in the [Terms of Use](http://www.kiva.org/legal/terms). 

**22.    How to contact Kiva**.  We take privacy seriously and we value yours. For additional information, or if you have any questions regarding this Privacy Policy or the privacy practices at Kiva, please submit your questions or comments directly to [contactus@kiva.org](mailto:contactus@kiva.org) via email. You can also send questions or comments to: 

Kiva Microfunds  
Attn: Privacy Policy  
875 Howard Street, Suite 340  
San Francisco, CA 94103 
