> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the esavingsblog.com privacy policy that was archived on 2019-06-13. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20190613184526id_/https%3A//esavingsblog.com/disclosure-policy-2) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Disclosure/Privacy Policy - Esavingsblog

DISCLOSURE AND PRIVACY POLICY

Many of the posts on www.esavingsblog.com contain affiliate links. If you click on an affiliate link and buy something, I may receive a very small commission. It does NOT result in additional charges to you or cost you anything extra. Mentions of associated products/services/businesses within the content of my blog may or may not be noted as an affiliate in every reference. The affiliate money I earn helps me pay the fees to keep this site up and running. Thank you so much for your support!

I am a participant in the Amazon Services LLC Associates Program, an affiliate advertising program designed to provide a means for sites to earn advertising fees by advertising and linking to amazon.com.

All advertising in the form of advertisements on my blog is generated by a third party ad network. Those ads are paid advertisements. This blog does not contain any content which might present a conflict of interest.

I am sometimes compensated to provide opinion on products, services, websites and various other topics. Even though I sometimes receive compensation for posts or advertisements, I always give my honest opinions, findings, beliefs, or experiences on those topics or products. The views and opinions expressed on this blog are purely my own. Any product claim, statistic, quote or other representation about a product or service should be verified with the manufacturer, provider or party in question.

**Privacy Policy**

If you require any more information or have any questions about our privacy policy, please feel free to contact me by email at Kari{at}esavingsblog{dot}com. At https://esavingsblog.com, the privacy of my visitors is very important. This privacy policy document outlines the types of personal information that is received and collected by https://esavingsblog.com and how it is used.

**Log Files**

Like many other websites, www.esavingsblog.com makes use of log files. The information inside the log files includes internet protocol ( IP ) addresses, type of browser, Internet Service Provider ( ISP ), date/time stamp, referring/exit pages, and a number of clicks to analyze trends, administer the site, track users movement around the site, and gather demographic information. IP addresses and other such information are not linked to any information that is personally identifiable.

**Cookies**

www.esavingsblog.com does use cookies to store information about visitor’s preferences, record user-specific information on which pages the user access or visit, customize Web page content based on visitors browser type or other information that the visitor sends via their browser.

Google, as a third-party vendor, uses cookies to serve ads on www.esavingsblog.com. Google’s use of the DART cookie enables it to serve ads to your users based on their visit to esavingsblog.com and other sites on the Internet. Users may opt out of the use of the DART cookie by visiting the Google ad and content network privacy policy at the following URL – http://www.google.com/privacy_ads.html. Some of our advertising partners may use cookies and web beacons on our site. Our advertising partners include Google Adsense, CJ, Skimlinks, and Amazon.

These third-party ad servers or ad networks use technology to the advertisements and links that appear on esavingsblog.com send directly to your browsers. They automatically receive your IP address when this occurs. Other technologies ( such as cookies, JavaScript, or Web Beacons ) may also be used by the third-party ad networks to measure the effectiveness of their advertisements and/or to personalize the advertising content that you see. www.esavingsblog.com has no access to or control over these cookies that are used by third-party advertisers.

You should consult the respective privacy policies of these third-party ad servers for more detailed information on their practices as well as for instructions about how to opt-out of certain practices. https://esavingsblog.com’s privacy policy does not apply to, and we cannot control the activities of, such other advertisers or web sites.

If you wish to disable cookies, you may do so through your individual browser options. More detailed information about cookie management with specific web browsers can be found at the browsers’ respective websites.

I am not responsible for republished content from this blog on other blogs or websites without my permission.

_This post may contain affiliate links. Read my disclosure policy[here](http://esavingsblog.com/disclosure-policy-2/)_
