> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the hrmantra.com privacy policy that was archived on 2011-10-07. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20111007101655id_/http%3A//hrmantra.com/policy.aspx) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# :: Software India, HR Payroll Software India ::

HRMantra respects the confidentiality of anyone who uses this HRMantra Web site [www.HRMantra.com](https://web.archive.org/web/20111007101655id_/http%3A//hrmantra.com/Default.aspx) and HRMantra online applications. 

HRMantra provides its service to you subject to the HRMantra software and services terms of service and this Privacy Policy, which shall be considered a part of the Terms of Service. We reserve the right to change this Privacy Policy anytime. We gather  important information from our customers and visitors. We publish this Privacy Policy to communicate how we gather and use information about our customers & visitors, how we protect it, and how you can participate in its protection. 

We require those people who register to use a HRMantra online applications (the "Services") to give us contact information. Depending on the services chosen, we ask for contact and account information, such as name, company name, address, phone number, e-mail address, password and the number of users in the organization who will be using the Services, in addition to financial and billing information, such as billing name, address and credit card number. When you express interest in additional information, when you register for the Services, or after you become a user, we may ask for additional personal information, such as title, department name, fax number or additional company information, such as annual revenues, number of employees or industry. You can opt out of providing additional information by not entering it when asked. Customers can update or remove their personal information at any time by logging into the Website and editing their Personal Information within Setup. Customers can view their updated profile to confirm their edits have been made. 

HRMantra does not scatter or share customer e-mail addresses, except as noted in its Terms of Service, or as may be required by law. We collect this information to set up the Services for individuals and their organizations. We may also use the information to contact customers and prospects to further discuss their interest in our company, the Services we provide and ways we can improve them, and to send information such as announcements of promotions and events regarding our company or partners. We may also e-mail a customer newsletter and updates about the Services or the company. 

All financial and billing information that we collect through the Site is used only to check the qualifications of prospective customers and to bill for the Service. This billing information is not used by us for marketing or promotional purposes. We uses a third-party intermediary to manage the credit card processing. This intermediary is just a link in the distribution chain, and is not permitted to store, retain, or use the information provided, except for the sole purpose of credit card processing. Other third parties, such as content providers, may provide content on the web Site but they are not permitted to collect any information nor does HRMantra.com share user information with these parties. If a user selects to use our referral service for informing a friend about our site, we ask them for the friend's name and email address. HRMantra.com will automatically send the friend a one-time email inviting them to visit the site. HRMantra.com does not store this information. 

HRMantra customers use HRMantra online applications to host data and information. HRMantra will not review, share, distribute, print, or reference any such data except as provided in the HRMantra Terms of Service, or as may be required by law. We will view or access individual records only with your permission (for example, to resolve a problem or support issue). Of course, users of the Services are responsible for maintaining the confidentiality and security of their user registration and passwords. HRMantra may also collect certain information from visitors to a HRMantra Web site and customers of the Services, such as Internet addresses. This information is logged to help diagnose technical problems and to administer the HRMantra Web site and Services in order to constantly improve quality. We may also track and analyze non-identifying and aggregate usage and volume statistical information from visitors and customers and provide such information to third parties.

**Cookies Services.  
**   
When any customers and visitors interact with our Website we try to make that experience easy and meaningful. When you come to our Web site, our Web server sends a cookie to your computer. Cookies are Session files that Web browsers place on a computer's hard drive. They help us to authenticate clients and provide timesaving shortcuts and preferences. HRMantra uses a persistent encrypted cookie, if the client requests, to save and retrieve individual authentication information as well as other per-client device preferences. When a visitor follows a link to the HRMantra Web site from an affiliate or promotion, HRMantra stores information about that affiliate or promotion in a session cookie. Acceptance of these cookies is optional. HRMantra issues a mandatory session cookie to each user of the Services only to record encrypted authentication information for the duration of a specific session. If you reject this cookie, access to and usage of the Services will be denied. 

**Third Party Sites**   
The HRMantra Web site and online applications contain links to other Web sites. HRMantra is not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of these other Web sites. Customers and visitors must check the policy statement of these others Web sites to understand their policies. Customers and visitors who access a linked site may be disclosing their private information. It is your responsibility to keep such information private and confidential. 

**Security**   
HRMantra has security measures in place for the Services to help protect against the loss, misuse and alteration of the data under HRMantra's control. When the Services are accessed using Microsoft Internet Explorer versions 5.5 or higher, Secure Socket Layer (SSL) technology protects information using both server authentication and data encryption to help ensure data is safe, secure and available only to you. HRMantra also implements an advanced security method based on dynamic data and encoded session identifications and hosts the Services in a secure server environment using a firewall and other advanced technology to prevent interference or access from outside intruders. Finally, HRMantra requires unique user names and passwords that must be entered each time a customer logs on. These safeguards help prevent unauthorized access, maintain data accuracy and ensure the appropriate use of data. 

**Opt-Out Policy**   
HRMantra offers you a means to choose how we may use information you provided. If, at any time after registering for information or ordering the Services, you change your mind about receiving information from us or about sharing information with third parties, send us a request specifying your new choice. Send your request to [info@HRMantra.com](mailto:info@HRMantra.com). 

**Correcting and Updating  
**Your Information To update or change registration information, to update billing information, or to discontinue the Services, log on to the Services at a HRMantra Web site, click the Setup tab, and click links to these tasks. You can also correct and update information by e-mailing info@HRMantra.com or by calling us. 

**Additional Information**   
Any Questions regarding this Privacy Policy or the security practices of the Services should be directed to HRMantra's Security Administrator by e-mailing  [ info@HRMantra.com](mailto:info@HRMantra.com). 
