> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the cessna.com privacy policy that was archived on 2014-02-09. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20140209211033id_/http%3A//www.cessna.com/privacy-policy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy Policy

**Company Information**   
The Cessna Aircraft Company is committed to keeping the information you share with us completely private. Under no circumstances will any information you submit through Cessna.com be sold to, nor shared with, any person or company outside the Cessna Aircraft Company and our authorized Cessna Representatives. The Cessna.com website is monitored by software that enables us to collect and store information about your visit on an anonymous, aggregate basis. The information recorded includes the time and length of your visit, the pages you view, and the site you visited just before coming to Cessna.com. While we may also record the name of your Internet service provider, we do not record any personal information about you, your mailing address, or your e-mail address. The information we collect is only used to measure site activity, and serves merely as a tool to help us improve the content offered on the site. 

**Personal Information  
**Several areas on the Cessna.com site may ask you to provide personal information such as your name, e-mail address, mailing address, and phone number. If you choose to share this information with us, we may store it and use it for marketing research and other marketing purposes. This data may be used to send you information about our various products and services. Only Cessna will send you these direct mailings. If you do not want to receive such communications, we will always provide you with the opportunity to easily opt-out of participation. The information you provide will never be sold to, nor shared with, any person or company outside Cessna Aircraft Company and our authorized Cessna Representatives. You should be aware that when you voluntarily disclose personal information in public areas of the Cessna.com site, such as chat rooms or bulletin boards, this information may be seen and used by others. So, be sure to exercise good judgment when sharing personal information in these forums. 

**Cookies  
**Some pages within the Cessna.com site may make use of "cookie" technology to measure site activity and to customize information to your personal tastes. A cookie is an element of data that a Web site can send to your browser, which may then store the cookie on your hard drive. By reading this cookie when you return to Cessna.com, we are able to tailor information to suit your individual preferences. Cessna's use of cookies is not unique, as it is a common practice on most major web sites today. Your web browser may be set to automatically receive cookies. You can re-configure your browser to alert you when cookies are being sent, or even refuse them altogether. However, it is possible that some parts of the site may not function properly if you do so. 

**Other sites  
**Third party Internet sites and services accessible through Cessna.com have separate privacy and data collection practices, independent of the Cessna Aircraft Company. Cessna has no responsibility or liability for these independent policies or actions. 
