> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the analyrics.com privacy policy that was archived on 2012-06-11. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20120611033250id_/http%3A//www.analyrics.com/privacy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Analyrics

##  Analyrics Last Up date 29 Jun 2011 

The purpose of the present document is to describe, in a general way, how the site Analyrics.com (hereinafter the "Site") processes its users' personal data. This document does not include information on how processing is carried out on other websites that users may access through links found on the Site. 

This is a general document to inform you of the criteria for the correct processing of personal data on or through the Site. Users will find further information regarding these criteria in the Notices published on the various sections of the Site. In the event that the users' personal data are collected and subsequently processed, the abovementioned Notices will explain the ways and purposes for which the data are processed in connection with the supply of specific services and/or various information. Data Controller (section 28 of the Privacy Code) Following consultation of the Site, data related to identified or identifiable persons may be processed. 

The Data Controller is the company TBD Srl, with registered office in Florence, Via di Santo Spirito 14 - 50125 Firenze. Location of personal data processing operations. Data processing operations in connection with the web services of the Site take place at the aforementioned office and are carried out by data processors in the company’s technical staff, or by data processors for occasional maintenance operations, who are duly designated data processors. 

Please note that some of our content as "lyrics" are provided and licensed by www.musixmatch.com. In these pages the code and tracking systems are managed directly by the content provider. We invite you to take note and also see this link for the privacy policy <http://musixmatch.com/privacy-policy/>. 

The communication and possible dissemination of personal data shall only take place in accordance with the Privacy Code: with the consent of the data subjects or, when provided for by law, based on the regulations contained in sections 24 and 25 of the Code. Categories and types of personal data processed. The Site offers users information and materials from third parties in the form of links, banners, splash pages, etc. (“Information”), to assist them in purchasing products and services on other websites where users may be directed: by clicking on this Information users can directly access the websites of third parties where they can purchase the desired products and services. The related processing of personal data on third party sites shall be specifically governed in conformity with the policies that the user will find published directly on the site(s) in question. 

Consequently, on the Site, if there is no registration or subscription procedure or any other similar mechanism requesting users to provide data (excluding future modifications, which will be based on specific notices and requests for consent, when necessary) the users’ personal data are not processed, except for so-called navigation data. Navigation data The electronic communication networks and the software that run the Site, over time acquire some personal data and the transmission of such data is implicit in the internet protocols that are used. 

This information is not collected for the purpose of being associated with identified data subjects, however, because of the nature of the data, through elaborations and associations with data from third parties, the information may allow for users to be identified. Suppliers of electronic communication services shall be responsible for keeping data in accordance with recent legislation (Legislative Decree 109/08). 

This category of data includes the IP addresses or the domain names of computers used by users to connect to the site, the addresses in URI (Uniform Resource Identifier) notation of the resources requested, the hour the request was made, the method used to submit the request to the server, the size of the file obtained in response, the numeric code identifying the status of the response given by the server (okay, error, etc.) and other parameters regarding the operating system and the computer operating environment of the user. 

These data are used exclusively for the purpose of drawing up anonymous statistical information on the use of the site, as well as to ensure that the site is working properly. These data are immediately cancelled once they have been elaborated. Processing arrangements. Personal data are processed – only for the abovementioned purposes – with automated electronic means for the amount of time strictly necessary to carry out the purposes for which the data were collected. 

Specific security measures are observed to prevent the loss, unlawful or incorrect use of data, as well as to prevent unauthorized access to said data. Rights of the data subjects. The data subject has the right at any time to obtain confirmation as to whether or not personal data concerning him/her exist. The data subject also has the right to be informed of the source of the data and has the right to verify the correctness of the data or request the integration, updating, or rectification of the data as per section 7 of legislative decree n. 196/2003. 

In accordance with the same section of the abovementioned legislative decree, the data subject has the right to erasure, anonymization or blocking of data that have been processed unlawfully, as well as the right to oppose, for legitimate reasons the processing of said data. 

All requests must be addressed to the Data Controller. 
