> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the ahfb2000.com privacy policy that was archived on 2018-05-11. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20180511182241id_/http%3A//www.ahfb2000.com/privacy.php) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy Policy

**Advanced HTML For Beginners Privacy Policy Statement**

Our postal address is   
164 Elizabeth  
San Antonio Texas 78209

We can be reached via e-mail at <http://www.ahfb2000.com/webmaster_help_desk/sendmessage.php>  
or you can reach us by telephone at 210-382-5593

For each visitor to our Web page, our Web server automatically recognizes only the consumer's domain name, but not the e-mail address (where possible).

We collect the e-mail addresses of those who post messages to our bulletin board, aggregate information on what pages consumers access or visit, information volunteered by the consumer, such as survey information and/or site registrations.

The information we collect is used for internal review and is then discarded, used to improve the content of our Web page, used to notify consumers about updates to our Web site, not shared with other organizations for commercial purposes.

With respect to cookies: We use cookies to store visitors preferences, record past activity at a site in order to provide better service when visitors return to our site .

If you do not want to receive e-mail from us in the future, please let us know by or email us at news@ahfb2000.com.

With respect to Ad Servers: We use third party advertisements on ahfb2000.com to support our site. Some of these advertisers may use technology such as cookies and web beacons when they advertise on our site, which will also send these advertisers (such as Google through the Google AdSense program) information including your IP address, your ISP , t he browser you used to visit our site, and in some cases, whether you have Flash installed. This is generally used for geotargeting purposes (showing New York real estate ads to someone in New York, for example) or showing certain ads based on specific sites visited (such as showing cooking ads to someone who frequents cooking sites).

We also may use DART cookies for ad serving through Google’s DoubleClick, which places a cookie on your computer when you are browsing the web and visit a site using DoubleClick advertising (including some Google AdSense advertisements). This cookie is used to serve ads specific to you and your interests (”interest based targeting”). The ads served will be targeted based on your previous browsing history (For example, if you have been viewing sites about visiting Las Vegas, you may see Las Vegas hotel advertisements when viewing a non-related site, such as on a site about hockey). DART uses “non personally identifiable information”. It does NOT track personal information about you, such as your name, email address, physical address, telephone number, social security numbers, bank account numbers or credit card numbers. You can opt-out of this ad serving on all sites using this advertising by visiting http://www.doubleclick.com/privacy/dart_adserving.aspx

If you feel that this site is not following its stated information policy, you may contact us at the above addresses or phone number, state or local chapters of the Better Business Bureau, state or local consumer protection office, The Federal Trade Commission by phone at 202.FTC-HELP (202.382.4357) or electronically at <http://www.ftc.gov/ftc/complaint.htm>.

  

