> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the glidesociety.com privacy policy that was archived on 2015-03-18. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20150318122311id_/https%3A//www.jumptuit.com/privacy-policy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# privacy policy - jumptuit

Jumptuit is the developer of the Jumptuit Service. In this Policy, we will refer to the Jumptuit Service as the "Jumptuit Service." and to Jumptuit as "our", "us" or "we." 

We take your privacy seriously. This Privacy Policy provides our policies and procedures for collecting, using, and disclosing your information. Users can access the Jumptuit service (the “Jumptuit Service”) through our website www.Jumptuit.com, applications on Devices, through APIs, and through third- parties. A "Device" is any computer used to access the Jumptuit Service, including without limitation a desktop, laptop, mobile phone, tablet, or other consumer electronic device. This Privacy Policy governs your access of the Jumptuit Service, regardless of how you access it, and by using the Jumptuit Service you consent to the collection, transfer, processing, storage, disclosure and other uses described in this Privacy Policy. All of the different forms of data, content, and information described below are collectively referred to as "information." 

Note that this Privacy Policy may be modified at any time and from time to time in our sole discretion, so check back frequently. We will notify you of any changes to the Policy by posting a new Policy and updating the "last modified" date at the top of this page. 

**I. How we collect information**

We collect information in three basic ways:  
We collect information that you voluntarily provide to become a registered User of our Jumptuit Service, and when you use certain aspects of our Jumptuit Service (e.g., entering an email address to send an email from your Jumptuit account). 

We collect information when you register to join Jumptuit by logging into an account that you already have with certain third-party web services ("TPWS") (including, but not limited to, Facebook, Twitter, Dropbox, Linkedin, Google+ and Windows Live) via our Jumptuit Service. For example, our Jumptuit Service allows you to create an account and login to the Jumptuit Service using your Facebook account credentials through Facebook Connect. If you are not currently registered as a User on the Jumptuit Service and you click on "Sign in Using Facebook," you will first be asked to enter your Facebook credentials and then be given the option to register and join Jumptuit. use our Jumptuit Service, technological tools including "Log Data" and "Cookies" collect certain information, as explained below. 

**II. What information we collect and how we use it**

_Personal Information._ When you register with us through the Jumptuit Service to become a registered user of Jumptuit, we will ask you for certain information about you that can be used to contact or identify you ("Personal Information"). Personal Information may include, but is not limited to, your name, gender, profile photo, free-form biography, location/hometown, website and email address. If you decide to create your user account by logging into a TPWS via the Jumptuit Service, you are using the Personal Information you have already provided to the TPWS (such as your "real" name, email address and other information you make publicly available via the TPWS) to create your user account on our Jumptuit Service; the information we collect may depend on the privacy settings you have with the TPWS, so please consult the TPWS's privacy and data practices. For example, by using Facebook Connect, you are allowing us to access the Personal Information in your Facebook account pursuant to the Facebook Terms of Use regarding your use of the Jumptuit Service via Facebook. We use your Personal Information (in some cases, in conjunction with your "Non-Identifying Information," see below) to provide the Jumptuit Service to you. For example: Account registration. We create your user account for your use of the Jumptuit Service based upon the Personal Information you provide. 

_Communications._ We use your Personal Information to contact you with Jumptuit newsletters, marketing or promotional materials and other information that may be of interest to you. If you decide at any time that you no longer wish to receive such communications from us, please follow the unsubscribe instructions provided in any of the communications. 

_Customer service._ We use your Personal Information to respond to your questions and/or inquiries. Finding friends. You also have the option to import your personal contacts (including email addresses of friend lists via TPWS) to the Jumptuit Service so that you can find your friends on the Jumptuit Service, and your friends can find you on the Jumptuit Service. 

_Emailing via a Jumptuit Account._ As part of the Jumptuit Service, users may communicate with other registered and non-registered users through use of their Jumptuit accounts. Where users have selected the option of adding one or more email addresses to an online form, the message they create in the corresponding template will be sent from Jumptuit to those email addresses on their behalf. 

_Non-Identifying Information._ We also collect other information that you provide as part of registration and the operation and personalization of your boards on Jumptuit that cannot reasonably be used to identify or contact you (e.g., without limitation, age and individual preferences) ("Non-Identifying Information"). Certain Non-Identifying Information would be considered a part of your Personal Information if it were combined with other identifiers (for example, combining your zip code with your street address) in a way that enables you to be personally identified or contacted. But the same pieces of information are considered Non-Identifying Information when they are taken alone or combined only with other Non-Identifying Information (for example, your viewing preferences) We may combine your Personal Information with Non-Identifying Information and aggregate it with information collected from other Jumptuit users to attempt to provide you with a better experience, to improve the quality and value of the Jumptuit Service and to analyze and understand how our Jumptuit Service is used. We may also use the combined information without aggregating it to serve you specifically, for instance to deliver a product to you according to your preferences or restrictions. 

_Mobile Software._ Our mobile software allows Jumptuit users to access and use the Jumptuit Service from their mobile devices. Through the use of the mobile software, you also have the option to identify the location of user content that you wish to upload to your Jumptuit account. Under certain circumstances (e.g. any malfunction of the mobile software), we will also receive information about your mobile device model, software version and device carrier, which would, allows us to identify and fix problems and otherwise improve the performance of our mobile software. 

_Log Data._ When you visit the Jumptuit Service, whether as a registered User or a non-registered User just browsing, our servers automatically record information that your browser sends whenever you visit a website ("Log Data"). This Log Data may include information such as the browser type or the webpage you were visiting before you came to our Jumptuit Service, pages of our Jumptuit Service that you visit, the time spent on those pages, information you search for on our Jumptuit Service, access times and dates, and other statistics. We may use this information to monitor and analyze usage trends by users of the Jumptuit Service, for the technical administration of the Jumptuit Service, to assess and implement changes to the functionality of the Jumptuit Service, and to better tailor our Jumptuit Service to the needs of our users. For example, some of this information is collected so that when you visit the Jumptuit Service again, it will recognize you and the information could then be used to serve advertisements and other information appropriate to your interests. We also use this information to verify that visitors to the Jumptuit Service meet the criteria required to process their requests. 

_Cookies._ Like many online services, the Jumptuit Service uses "cookies" to collect information. A cookie is a small data file that we transfer to your computer or mobile device’s hard disk. We use cookies for two purposes. First, we utilize "persistent" cookies to save your login information for future logins to the Jumptuit Service. Second, we utilize "session ID" cookies to enable certain features of the Jumptuit Service, to better understand how you interact with the Jumptuit Service and to monitor aggregate usage by users of and web traffic routing on the Jumptuit Service. Unlike persistent cookies, session cookies are deleted from your computer when you log off from the Jumptuit Service and then close your browser. You can instruct your browser, by changing its settings, to stop accepting cookies or to prompt you before accepting a cookie from the websites you visit. If you do not accept cookies, however, you may not be able to use all functionality of the Jumptuit Service. (See "Your choices regarding information," below.) 

**III. Sharing of your information**

_Jumptuit Users._ When you register through the Jumptuit Service and submit Personal Information to create a profile or visual collection, other Jumptuit users will see your name. If you choose to provide additional Personal Information in your profile, Jumptuit users will also see such additional Personal Information, including, but not limited to, your photo, location, website and biography. Providing additional Personal Information is voluntary and should correlate with the degree of interaction you want to have with other Jumptuit users. We recommend that you guard and refrain from disclosing any information you consider sensitive and confidential. 

_Aggregate Information and Non-Identifying Information._ We may share aggregated information that does not include Personal Information and we may otherwise disclose Non-Identifying Information and Log Data to third parties for industry analysis, demographic profiling and other purposes. Any aggregated information shared in these contexts will not contain your Personal Information. 

_Jumptuit Service Providers._ We may employ third party companies and individuals to facilitate the distribution of the Jumptuit Service, to provide the Jumptuit Service directly to its users or customers, to perform Jumptuit Service- related activities (e.g., maintenance services, database management, web analytics and changes to the features or functionality of the Jumptuit Service) or to assist us in analyzing how our Jumptuit Service is used. These third parties will have access to your Personal Information only to perform these tasks on our behalf and are obligated not to disclose or use it for any other purpose. 

_Third Party Web Services._ We may share the information in your Jumptuit account (including your Personal Information) with the TPWSs that you have linked to your Jumptuit account. These third parties have access to your Personal Information only for this purpose (unless the TPWS has received your Personal Information independently of the Jumptuit Service) and not for other purposes. 

_Facebook Connect, Twitter and Linkedin._ We allow Users to link their Facebook, Twitter and Linkedin accounts to the Jumptuit Service. Users can then post recent activity on the Jumptuit Service back to their Facebook, Twitter and Linkedin accounts. You will be prompted to decide whether or not your activity on the Jumptuit Service will be shared and disclosed on your Facebook/Twitter/ Linkedin account(s). You can disable the foregoing feature at any time by logging into your settings and selecting the option to disable Facebook Connect and/or Twitter etc. 

_Compliance with Laws and Law Enforcement._ Jumptuit cooperates with government and law enforcement officials and private parties to enforce and comply with the law. We can disclose any information about you to government or law enforcement officials or private parties as we, in our sole discretion, believe necessary or appropriate to respond to claims and legal process including, but not limited to, subpoenas, to protect our property and rights or the property and rights of any third party, to protect the safety of the public or any person, or to prevent or stop activity we may consider to be, or to pose a risk of being, illegal, unethical or legally actionable activity or otherwise in violation of the Jumptuits Terms of Service. 

_Business Transfers._ Jumptuit may sell, divest, transfer, assign, share or otherwise engage in a transaction that involves, some or all of our assets, including any or all of the information described in this Policy, in the course of a corporate divestiture, merger, acquisition, joint venture, bankruptcy, dissolution, reorganization, or any other similar transaction or proceeding. 

**IV. Your choices regarding information**

You have several choices regarding the use of information on our Jumptuit Service: 

_Email Communications._ If you decide at any time that you no longer wish to receive email communications from us, please follow the unsubscribe instructions provided in any of the communications. 

_Cookies._ If you decide at any time that you no longer wish to accept cookies from the Jumptuit Service for any of the purposes described above, then you can instruct your browser, by changing its settings, to stop accepting cookies or to prompt you before accepting a cookie from the websites you visit. Consult your browser’s technical information. If you do not accept cookies, however, you may not be able to use all the functionality of the Jumptuit Service. If you have any questions about how to disable or modify cookies, please let us know at the contact information provided below. 

**V. Links to other sites and Jumptuit Services**

Our Jumptuit Service contains links to other third-party websites and online Jumptuit Services. If you choose to visit another website or online Jumptuit Service by clicking on a link, you will be directed to that third party's website or online Jumptuit Service. The fact that we may link to a website or online Jumptuit Service is not an endorsement, authorization or representation of our affiliation with that third party, nor is it an endorsement of their privacy or information security policies or practices. We do not exercise control over third party websites and online Jumptuit Services, and these third parties may place their own cookies or other files on your computer and collect data or solicit Personal Information and Non-Identifying Information from you. Other sites and online Jumptuit Services follow different rules regarding the collection, use and/or disclosure of Personal Information and Non-Identifying Information. We encourage you to read the privacy policies or statements of the other websites or online Jumptuit Services you visit before providing any information or using such websites or Jumptuit Services. 

**VI. How we store and protect information**

_Information Security._ We care about the security of your information. We use commercially reasonable safeguards to preserve the integrity and security of information collected and maintained through the Jumptuit Service. However, we cannot ensure or warrant the security of any information you provide to us or guarantee that information on the Jumptuit Service may not be accessed, disclosed, altered, or destroyed by unauthorized persons. 

_Phishing._ Identity theft and the practice currently known as "phishing" are of great concern to us. Safeguarding information to help protect you from identity theft is a top priority. We do not request your credit card information, login information, or national identification numbers in a non-secure or unsolicited e-mail or telephone communication. For more information about phishing, visit the Federal Trade Commission's website. 

_Breach Notification._ We will use commercially reasonable efforts to make any legally required disclosures of any breach of the security, confidentiality, or integrity of stored "personal data" (as defined in applicable state statutes on security breach notification) to you via email or conspicuous posting on the Jumptuit Service without unreasonable delay, taking into account, among other things, (a) the legitimate needs of law enforcement or (b) any measures necessary to determine the scope of the breach and restore the reasonable integrity of the data system. 

_International Transfer._ Your information may be transferred to - and maintained on - computers or servers located outside of your state, province, country or other governmental jurisdiction where the privacy laws may not be as protective as those in your jurisdiction. If you are located outside the United States and choose to provide information to us, your Personal Information will be transferred to the United States and processed there. Your consent to this Privacy Policy followed by your submission of such information represents your agreement to that transfer. 

**VII. Our policy towards children's information**

This Jumptuit Service is not directed to children under 13. We do not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from children under 13. If a parent or guardian becomes aware that his or her child has provided us with Personal Information without their consent, he or she should contact us. If we become aware that a child under 13 has provided us with Personal Information, we will delete such information from our files. 

**VIII. How to contact us**

If you have any questions about this Policy or any of the practices described herein, please contact us at 140 Broadway 46th Floor, New York, NY 10005 or [support@Jumptuit.com](mailto:support@Jumptuit.com). 
