> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the glipho.com privacy policy that was archived on 2013-05-24. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20130524100450id_/http%3A//glipho.com/about/privacypolicy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy Policy

**[version 0.1 August 2012]**

a)     **General:   **

We are strongly committed to protecting users’ privacy, and this sets out our policy on the use of personal data which has been collected in relation to access to and use of the Site.

b)     **Information collected:   **

We do not collect any information about you from which you may be identified personally (‘Personally Identifiable Information’) unless you voluntarily submit such information to us, by, for example, registering and/or completing a user profile.

The types of information that may be requested will be as listed in the online registration and/or profile form, and may include your name, address, e-mail address, and other information.

We may collect information which is not Personally Identifiable Information about you in a number of ways, including tracking your activities through your IP address, computer settings, or most-recently visited URLs.

c)     **Use of information:   **

In general, we will only use the information you provide to us for the purpose for which such information was provided. 

Your information may also be used to contact you when necessary and to provide promotional material. 

Non-personal demographic and profile data may be used to tailor your experience at our site, by showing you content we think you might be interested in.

This information may also be shared with Site Advertisers on an aggregate (ie not personally identifiable) basis.

We do not share or disclose your Personally Identifiable Information with third parties, unless you authorise us to do so.

You may opt-out of receiving mailings by following the instructions set out in the opt-out section below.  

We reserve the right to access and to disclose Personally Identifiable Information to comply with applicable laws and lawful government requests, to operate our systems properly or to protect ourselves and our users.

If our business is sold or integrated with another business, your details may be disclosed to our advisors and any prospective purchasers and their advisors, and will be passed on to the new owners of the business.

d)     **Security:   **

The Site has industry standard security measures in place to protect the loss, misuse, and alteration of the information under our control. While there is no such thing as "perfect security" on the Internet, we will take reasonable steps to ensure the safety of your personal information.

e)     **Links:   **

Our Web Site contains links to other Web Sites that are owned and operated by third parties.

We are not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of such Web Sites. The inclusion of any link does not imply endorsement by us.  You are responsible for complying with the terms of use of any such sites.

No party may create any link to or use any portion of our Web Site in any manner that may create confusion about our identity as the source of origin of such portion of this Site, or in any manner that may create a likelihood of confusion as to sponsorship of third party content by us or as to an affiliation with us.

f)      **Cookies:**

A "cookie" is a small amount of data that is sent to a user’s browser from a web server, stored on a user’s computer, and then used to store and track information about the user.

Generally, we use cookies only to the extent strictly necessary to allow you to access Glipho.

You may refuse the use of cookies by selecting the appropriate settings on your browser, however please note that if you do this you will not be able to access Glipho.

g)     **Google Analytics** : 

This website uses Google Analytics, a web analytics service provided by Google, Inc. ("Google"). Google Analytics uses "cookies", to help the website analysze how users use the site.

The information generated by the cookie about your use of the website (including your IP address) will be transmitted to and stored by Google on servers in the USA.

Google will use this information for the purpose of evaluating your use of the website, compiling reports on website activity for website operators and providing other services relating to website activity and internet usage.

Google may also transfer this information to third parties where required to do so by law, or where such third parties process the information on Google's behalf. Google will not associate your IP address with any other data held by Google.

By using this website, you consent to the processing of data about you by Google in the manner and for the purposes set out above.

h)     **IP addresses:   **

We may use IP addresses to collect statistical information about the areas of the system that users are visiting, and general "traffic" data, to allow for log in validation, as the basis for calculating ‘click through’ charges to Advertisers, and to identify and track misuse;  save for such uses, such information does not relate to the use being made of the system by a particular user in relation to identifiable items being viewed.  This information allows us to charge Advertisers in accordance with our agreements with them, and helps us determine what is most beneficial for our users and to continually improve the overall site.  We may also use IP addresses to build up user profiles, which we may use to exclude advertising unlikely to be of interest to a user.

i)      **Updating information**

We allow users the option to update any information and preferences previously provided. To do this, visit _www.glipho.com_ , click on the log in link, log in, click on the ‘Settings’ link, and follow the on-screen instructions.

**Glipho** is owned and operated by **Glipho** Limited, a company incorporated in England under company no 08009134, whose registered office is at Units 3 & 4 Croxted Mews, 286/288 Croxted Road, London SE24 9DA, United Kingdom.  **Glipho** Ltd has complied with the notification requirements of the Data Protection Act 1998. You can contact Glipho Ltd by email to contact@glipho.com.
