> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the vmix.com privacy policy that was archived on 2006-06-16. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20060616075758id_/http%3A//www.vmix.com/privacy.php) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# vMix - Privacy Statement

vMix.com is an online service that allows our members to share their personal videos or videos for which they have cleared all copyright information.

Members also set up unique personal profiles that can be linked together through networks of friends. vMix members can view each others' profiles, communicate with friends and meet new friends on the service, share photos, post journals and comments, and describe their interests. To enrich our members' experience, we request and display some personal information to other members and visitors, which allows our users to identify each other and expand their network of friends. vMix members can change their profile information at any time and can control how other members and the service communicates with them.

vMix.com cares deeply about online privacy If you have any questions concerning this privacy policy, please email us at [privacy@vMix.com](mailto:privacy@vmix.com).

vMix.com collects user submitted information such as name, email address, and age to authenticate users and to send notifications to those users relating to the vMix.com service. vMix.com also collects other profile data including but not limited to: personal interests, gender, age, education and occupation in order to assist users in finding and communicating with each other.

vMix.com also logs non-personally-identifiable information including IP address, profile information, aggregate user data, and browser type, from users and visitors to the site This data is used to manage the website, track usage and improve the website services. This non-personally-identifiable information may be shared with third-parties to provide more relevant services and advertisements to members. User IP addresses are recorded for security and monitoring purposes

User Profile information including members' pictures and first names are displayed to people in order to facilitate user interaction in the vMix.com social networking community. Email addresses are used for the purposes of inviting new friends to join vMix, to add users to members' friends' networks, and to send notifications related to the service. With the exception of inviting friends, adding friends, and notifications, a user's email address is not shared or displayed to people within a user's personal network Users within a personal network communicate on vMix.com with each other through the vMix.com service, without disclosing their email addresses. Users' may limit access to their full names. To facilitate searching and finding friends and acquaintances on the service, vMix.com allows users to search for other members using first and last name, email address, and schools and/or companies where users may have attended or worked.

We may also use a user's email address to send updates, a newsletter or news regarding the service. Users may choose not to receive email of this type by changing their "notification" setting to "Do not send me notification emails" in the user "Account Settings"

From time to time, vMix.com or a partner, may sponsor a promotion, sweepstake or contest on vMix.com. Users may be asked to provide personal information including name, email address or home address or to answer questions in order to participate. We may transfer personal information to certain ad partners that you have explicitly requested to receive information from. It will be clear at the point of collection who is collecting the personal information and whose privacy statement will apply.

vMix members can invite friends to join the service by sending invitation emails via our automated invitation system. vMix.com stores the email addresses that members provide so that the respondents may be added to the friend's list of the member sending the invitations, and also to send reminders of the invitations vMix.com does not sell these email addresses or use them to send any other communication besides invitations, invitation reminders (up to three (3) per email address). Recipients of invitations from vMix.com may contact vMix.com to request the removal of their information from our database.

vMix members may also store email addresses of people they know in their internal vMix address book and may also choose to send invitations and other communications to those addresses.

vMix.com uses cookies to store visitors' preferences and to record session information, for purposes including ensuring that visitors are not repeatedly offered the same advertisements and to customize newsletter, advertising, and Web page content based on browser type and user profile information. We do not link the information we store in cookies to any personally identifiable information you submit while on our site. You may be able to configure your browser to accept or reject all or some cookies, or notify you when a cookie is set -- each browser is different, so check the "Help" menu of your browser to learn how to change your cookie preferences -- however, you must enable cookies from vMix.com in order to use most functions on the site Please note that vMix allows 3rd party advertisers that are presenting advertisements on some of our pages to set and access their cookies on your computer. Advertisers' use of cookies is subject to their own privacy policies, not the vMix Privacy Policy.

vMix.com contains links to sites. vMix.com is not responsible for the privacy policies and/or practices on other sites. When linking to another site a user should read the privacy policy stated on that site. Our privacy policy only governs information collected on vMix.com.

Please be aware that whenever you voluntarily post public information to Journals, WebLogs, Message Boards, Classifieds or any other Public Forums that that information can be accessed by the public and can in turn be used by those people to send you unsolicited communications.

vMix.com users may modify or remove any of their personal information at any time by logging into their account and accessing features such as Edit Profile and Account Info.

Members who no longer wish to receive updates or notifications may choose not to by modifying their member profile.

By deselecting "Sign up for vMix updates, news, info" in the user profile the member will no longer receive updates from vMix.

Members who do not wish to receive partner e-mails sent by vMix may do so by deselecting "vMix partner updates" from their member page. We will never transfer their email address without their explicit permission.

Members may turn off "fan mail" sent by users to their registered e-mail address. At that time, all user to user e-mail will be blocked. 

vMix.com or one of our Web advertising partners may deliver Ads appearing on this Web site to users. Our Web advertising partners may set cookies. These cookies allow the ad server to recognize your computer each time they send you an online advertisement. In this way, ad servers may compile information about where you, or others who are using your computer, saw their advertisements and determine which ads are clicked on. This information allows an ad network to deliver targeted advertisements that they believe will be of most interest to you. This privacy statement covers the use of cookies by vMix.com and does not cover the use of cookies by any advertisers.

vMix.com member accounts are secured by member-created passwords vMix.com takes precautions to insure that member account information is kept private. We use reasonable measures to protect member information that is stored within our database, and we restrict access to member information to those employees who need access to perform their job functions, such as our customer service personnel and technical staff. Please note that we cannot guarantee the security of member account information. Unauthorized entry or use, hardware or software failure, and other factors may compromise the security of member information at any time For any additional information about the security measures we use on vMix.com, please contact us a [privacy@vMix.com](mailto:privacy@vmix.com)

Except as otherwise described in this privacy statement, vMix will not disclose personal information to any third party unless we believe that disclosure is necessary: (1) to conform to legal requirements or to respond to a subpoena, search warrant or other legal process received by vMix.com, whether or not a response is required by applicable law; (2) to enforce the vMix.com Terms of Use Agreement or to protect our rights; or (3) to protect the safety of members of the public and users of the service. vMix reserves the right to transfer personal information to a successor in interest that acquires rights to that information as a result of the sale of vMix or substantially all of its assets to that successor in interest For more information see the "Changes in Our Privacy Policy" section below.

From time to time we may make changes to our privacy policy If we make changes, we will post them on our site to make users aware of what the changes are so users will always be aware of what information we collect, how we use it, and when we may disclose it. A User is bound by any minor changes to the policy when she or he uses the site after those changes have been posted If, however, we are going to use users' personally identifiable information in a manner materially different from that stated at the time of collection we will notify by posting a notice on our Web site for 30 days.

If you have any questions about this privacy statement, the practices of this site, or your dealings with this Web site, please contact us at: [privacy@vMix.com](mailto:privacy@vmix.com) (vMix Media Inc., 12707 High Bluff Drive, Suite 200, San Diego, CA 92130)
