> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the omd.com privacy policy that was archived on 2014-02-09. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20140209144619id_/http%3A//omd.com/privacy-policy.aspx) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# OMD - Privacy Policy

OMD is one of the world's foremost media communications specialists.

OMD is very respectful about the privacy concerns of the visitor's to its sites on the Internet. As a general policy, no personal information is automatically collected from visitors to this site. However, certain non-personal information of visitors is recorded by the standard operation of OMD's Internet servers. This information is primarily used to provide an enhanced online experience for the visitor. Information tracked includes the type of browser being used by the visitor, the type of operating system in use by the visitor, and the domain name of the visitor's Internet service provider. By having this information, Web pages optimized for a particular visitor's computer are automatically made available to that visitor. Other use of this information may include internal review of the number of visitors to this site but only in an aggregate and non-personally-identifiable form. E-mail addresses and other personally identifiable data about visitors to this site are known to OMD only when voluntarily submitted by the users. OMD will only use personally identifiable data provided at this site for the purposes described at the time it is collected (for example, the e-mail addresses visitors provide in order to receive e-mail alerts will only be used for the purpose of sending these e-mail alerts). OMD sites, as well as any other third party sites linked to or from this Web site, may each have different privacy policies and practices. You should carefully review these other Web sites' privacy policies in order to determine how each site may use any personal information you provide.

As we operate internationally, and many of our computer systems are currently based in the United States, your personal data will be processed by us in the U.S. where data protection and privacy regulations may not offer the same level of protection as in other parts of the world, such as the European Union.

Although we take appropriate measures to safeguard against unauthorized disclosures of information, we cannot assure you that personally identifiable information that we collect will never be disclosed in a manner that is inconsistent with this Privacy Policy.

###  Cookies and Other Technical Information

We send "cookies" to your computer primarily to enhance your online experience. "Cookies" are files that can identify you as a unique customer and store your personal preferences as well as technical information (including click through and click stream data). Cookies can either be permanent (i.e., they remain on your computer until you delete them) or temporary (i.e., they last only until you close your browser). We may also use "Web beacons" that monitor your use of our sites. Web beacons (or Web bugs) are small strings of code that provide a method for delivering a graphic image on a Web page for the purpose of transferring data, such as the IP (Internet Protocol) address of the computer that downloaded the page on which the Web beacon appears, the URL (Uniform Resource Locator) of the page on which the Web beacon appears, the time the page containing the Web beacon was viewed, the types of browser that fetched the Web beacon and the identification number of any cookie on the computer previously placed by that server. When corresponding with you via HTML capable e-mail, Web beacons let us know whether you received and opened our e-mail.

On their own, cookies or Web beacons do not contain or reveal any personally identifiable information. However, if you choose to furnish the site with personally identifiable information, this information can be linked to the data stored in the cookies/Web beacons.

By using this website, you specifically agree to our use of cookies and Web beacons as described herein. You may adjust your browser to reject cookies from us or from any other Web site. Additionally, by setting your Web browser to display HTML e-mails as text only, you may be able to prevent the use of some Web beacons. Please consult the "Help" section of your browser for more information. However, certain areas of our sites can only be accessed in conjunction with cookies or similar devices and you should be aware that disabling cookies or similar devices might prevent you from accessing some of our content.
