> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the viacom.com privacy policy that was archived on 2004-06-06. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20040606012741id_/http%3A//www.viacom.com/privacy.tin) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy Policy

> This policy outlines practices for the viacom.com site. Viacom respects the privacy concerns of our Web site visitors. As a general policy, no personal information, such as full names, addresses, or telephone numbers is automatically collected from visitors to this site. Such information is only known to Viacom when it is voluntarily submitted or posted to us. Some of this information may be forwarded to other employees within the corporation for the purpose of response or customer service. This information is not saved or disclosed outside the corporation. To effect electronic delivery of our annual reports and proxy statements, our agent, ADP Investor Communications Services, Inc. (ADP), collects your tax identification number to verify your shareholder status in accordance with its [Terms and Conditions](https://www.icsdelivery.com/_globals/terms.html). Viacom is not responsible for ADP's privacy policy nor for the use of any information that it may collect. 
> 
> Certain non-personal information about our visitors is collected by the standard operation of Viacom's Internet servers, such as Internet browser types being used, operating systems, and the domain names of Internet providers. Uses of this information include internal review of the aggregate number of visits to our site, but only in a non-personally-identifiable form. We may also use this information to make our site better and more responsive to the needs of our visitors. We do not disclose this information outside the corporation.  
> 
> 
> Visitors to other sites within the Viacom family should refer to the specific privacy policies posted on those sites.  
> 
> 
> Viacom reserves the right to modify, alter or otherwise update this policy at any time, so visitors are encouraged to review this policy from time to time. 

| |  |  Materials contained in this Web site or in links from this Web site are dated as of the date originally issued and may no longer be accurate. For purposes of this Web site, Materials include, but are not limited to, text, images, audio and/or video, and software, including, but not limited to, any images or files incorporated in or generated by the software or data accompanying such software. Viacom assumes no obligation to update any Materials. 

® & © 2004 Viacom International Inc. All rights reserved. [Privacy Policy.](https://web.archive.org/privacy.tin)  
  
---|---
