> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the whentowork.com privacy policy that was archived on 2019-09-21. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20190921183624id_/https%3A//whentowork.com/privacy.htm) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy Policy | WhenToWork

WhenToWork, Inc. takes your privacy seriously.  
Please read the following to learn more about our privacy policy.

This WhenToWork, Inc. Privacy Policy covers WhenToWork.com's ("W2W") treatment of information entered when you use the WhenToWork.com website, W2W.com and W2W mobile apps ("Services").

**Personal Data** : Personal Data means data about a living individual who can be identified from those data.

**Usage Data** : Usage Data is data collected automatically either generated by the use of the Service or from the Service infrastructure itself (for example, the duration of a page visit).

**Data Subject** : Data Subject is any living individual who is the subject of Personal Data.

**User** : User is the individual using our Service. The User corresponds to the Data Subject, who is the subject of Personal Data.

We collect several different types of information for various purposes to provide and improve our Service to you.

**Personal Data**  
While using our Service, you may be asked to provide certain personally identifiable information that can be used to contact or identify you ("Personal Data"). Personally identifiable information may include, but is not limited to:

  * Email address (optional)
  * First name and last name (optional)
  * Phone number (optional)
  * Address, City, State, Zip code (optional)
  * Usage Data



We may email you with notifications about your account. You may opt out of receiving any, or all, of these communications from us by following the unsubscribe link or instructions provided in any email we send or by contacting us at [removemyemail@when2work.com](mailto:removemyemail@when2work.com). 

**Usage Data**  
We may also collect information that your browser sends whenever you visit our website or Service, or when you access the Service with a mobile device ("Usage Data").   
This Usage Data may include information such as your computer's Internet Protocol address (i.e. IP address), browser type, browser version, the pages of our Service that you visit, the time and date of your visit, the time spent on those pages, unique device identifiers and other diagnostic data.   
When you access the Service by or through a mobile device, this Usage Data may include information such as the type of mobile device you use, your mobile device unique ID, the IP address of your mobile device, your mobile operating system, the type of mobile Internet browser you use, unique device identifiers and other diagnostic data. 

**Tracking Cookies Data**  
We sometimes use cookies and similar tracking technologies to track the activity on our sales website pages only and may hold certain information.  
Cookies are files with small amount of data which may include an anonymous unique identifier. You can instruct your browser to refuse all cookies or to indicate when a cookie is being sent. 

W2W uses the collected data for various purposes:

  * To provide and maintain our Service
  * To notify you about changes to our Service
  * To provide customer support
  * To monitor the usage of our Service
  * To detect, prevent and address technical issues



W2W will retain your Personal Data only for as long as is necessary for the purposes set out in this Privacy Policy. We will retain and use your Personal Data to the extent necessary to comply with our legal obligations under United States law (for example, if we are required to retain your data to comply with applicable laws), resolve disputes, and enforce our legal agreements and policies. 

W2W will also retain Usage Data for internal analysis purposes. Usage Data is generally retained for a shorter period of time, except when this data is used to strengthen the security or to improve the functionality of our Service, or we are legally obligated to retain this data for longer time periods.

Your information, including Personal Data, may be transferred to and maintained on servers located outside of your state, country or other governmental jurisdiction where the data protection laws may differ than those from your jurisdiction. 

If you are located outside United States and choose to provide information to us, please note that we transfer the data, including Personal Data, to the United States and process and store it there. 

Your consent to this Privacy Policy, followed by your submission of such information represents your agreement to that transfer. 

W2W will take all steps reasonably necessary to ensure that your data is treated securely and in accordance with this Privacy Policy and no transfer of your Personal Data will take place to an organization or a country unless there are adequate controls in place including the security of your data and other personal information.

W2W will not sell, rent or disclose your personally identifiable information to anyone unless required to do so by law, legal process, litigation, and/or requests from public and governmental authorities within or outside your country of residence.

**Disclosure for Law Enforcement**  
Under certain circumstances, W2W may be required to disclose your Personal Data if required to do so by law or in response to valid requests by public authorities (e.g. a court or a government agency).

**Legal Requirements**  
W2W may disclose your Personal Data in the good faith belief that such action is necessary:

  * To comply with a legal obligation
  * To protect and defend the rights or property of W2W
  * To prevent or investigate possible wrongdoing in connection with the Service
  * To protect the personal safety of users of the Service or the public
  * To protect against legal liability



W2W gives Users the ability to sign in and edit or delete their Personal Data and account Information and preferences at any time.

W2W aims to take reasonable steps to allow you to correct, amend, delete, or limit the use of your Personal Data. 

If you wish to be informed what Personal Data we hold about you and if you want it to be removed from our systems, please contact your W2W account main manager at your organization (the individual who created or is in control of the W2W account). If the main manager on the account needs assistance they can contact [support@when2work.com](mailto:support@when2work.com).

Your W2W Account Information is password‐protected for your privacy and security. W2W uses industry‐standard SSL‐encryption to protect data transmissions. Each W2W user should use their own username/password for access to ensure security.

**Security of Data**

The security of your data is important to us, but remember that no method of transmission over the Internet, or method of electronic storage is 100% secure. While we strive to use commercially acceptable means to protect your Personal Data, we cannot guarantee its absolute security.

**Security of Payment Information**

W2W uses third‐party services for payment processing (e.g. payment processors). We will not store or collect your payment card details. That information is provided directly to our third‐party payment processor whose use of your personal information is governed by their Privacy Policy. This payment processor adheres to the standards set by PCI‐DSS as managed by the PCI Security Standards Council, which is a joint effort of brands like Visa, Mastercard, American Express and Discover. PCI‐DSS requirements help ensure the secure handling of payment information.

Our Service may contain links to other websites that are not operated by us. If you click on a third‐party link, you will be directed to that third party's site. We strongly advise you to review the Privacy Policy of every site you visit.

We have no control over and assume no responsibility for the content, privacy policies or practices of any third‐party sites or services.

W2W may amend this policy from time to time. If we make any substantial changes in the way we use your personal information, we will notify you by posting an announcement on the home page of subscriber manager accounts.

You are advised to review this Privacy Policy periodically for any changes. Changes to this Privacy Policy are effective when they are posted.

Revised: May 1, 2018
