> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the nomintv.net privacy policy that was archived on 2011-03-10. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20110310034005id_/http%3A//www.switchramp.com/media/privacy_policy.html) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Switchramp Privacy Policy

Last Updated: Aug 30, 2010

Protecting your privacy and the personal information you provide us is a top priority at SwitchRamp. For this reason, SwitchRamp does not sell or rent your personal information to third parties for their marketing purposes without your explicit consent. Please read this privacy policy to learn more about the policies and procedures SwitchRamp has put in place to achieve this goal. As a user of this website and the webpages generated by SwitchRamp (collectively, the "Sites") and/or the services ("Services") provided by SwitchRamp, this Privacy Policy is intended to describe for you: the information we collect about you, with whom it may be shared, how that information may be used, how you may access the information you provide us and your choices about such uses and disclosures.

By using our Sites, you are accepting the practices described in this Privacy Policy. If you have questions or concerns regarding this statement, you should first contact SwitchRamp's Privacy Department by emailing [privacy@tp.com.sg](mailto:privacy@tp.com.sg) or writing Traffic Performance Pte. Ltd., 20 Cecil Street, #14-01 Equity Plaza, 049705 Singapore. 

## Information We Collect

We may collect personal information that can identify you such as your name and e-mail address, as well as other information that does not identify you. When you provide personal information through our Sites, the information may be sent to our servers located in Germany and other countries around the world. 

__User Provided Information__. We may collect and store any personal information you enter on our Sites or provide to us in some other manner. This includes identifying information (such as your name, address, e-mail address, and telephone number), and any other personal information you choose to provide while using our Sites or the Services. Under some circumstances we may require some additional financial information, including, without limitation, your billing address, bank account information, a credit card number and expiration date, and tracking information from checks or money orders.

__Cookies and Other Information Collection Technology__. We use various technologies to collect information from your computer and about your activities on our Sites. For example, we collect and store non-personally identifying information through log files, cookies, and third parties to create a profile of our users that details the users' viewing preferences. 

  * _Log Files_. Technical information from your browser is automatically collected when you visit our Sites. This information includes your IP address, your browser type, operating system, access times, the content of any undeleted cookies that your browser previously accepted from us (see "Cookies" below), and the referring website address.

  * _Cookies_. We use data collection devices such as "cookies" on certain pages of the site to help analyze our web page flow, measure promotional effectiveness, and promote trust and safety. "Cookies" are small files placed on your hard drive that assist us in providing our services. We may offer certain features that are only available through the use of a "cookie." We also use cookies to allow you to enter your password less frequently during a session. Cookies can also help us provide information targeted to your interests. Personally identifiable information you have submitted while on our site is linked with information gathered from our use of cookies in the form of log files. Most cookies are "session cookies," meaning that they are automatically deleted from your hard drive at the end of a session.

  * _Pixel Tags_. SwitchRamp shares Web site usage information about visitors to our Web site with a reputable third-party advertising company for the purpose of targeting our Internet banner advertisements on this site and other sites. For this purpose, SwitchRamp and our third-party advertising company note some of the pages you visit on our Web site through the use of pixel tags (also called clear gifs). The information collected by SwitchRamp and our third-party advertising company through the use of these pixel tags is not personally identifiable. Users may opt-out of the targeting program at any time by contacting SwitchRamp. 




__Sponsor or Link Websites__. Links or sponsor websites may be presented in a manner that allows us to keep track of whether the links or sponsor sites have been used. We use this information to improve the quality of our Sites, to track advertising, and to personalize your online experience. Please be aware, however, that we are not responsible for the privacy practices of other websites. 

__Information From Children__. If you are under the age of 18, you may only use this site in conjunction with and under the supervision of your parents or guardians, and with express permission from SwitchRamp. For this reason, we ask that children do not submit any personal information to SwitchRamp.

## Information Use and Sharing

We do not sell or rent any of your personal information to third parties for their marketing purposes without your explicit consent. **However, the following describes some of the ways that your personal information may be disclosed in the normal course of business as part of our services**. We may match any of the technical information we gather to any personally identifying information we have obtained through you or third parties to provide you offers and improve the content of the Sites and Services for you. Examples of some of the ways we use or share information that we collect about you includes: 

  * provide you with products or services, including the display of customized content, advertising, and services;

  * provide technical or customer support;

  * perform research and analysis to gauge use of or interest in products, services, or content offered on our Sites, and to develop new services;

  * communicate with you by e-mail, postal mail, telephone and/or mobile devices about products or services that may be of interest to you either from us or other third parties;

  * enforce our terms and conditions, or otherwise manage our business;

  * perform functions as otherwise described to you at the time of collection.




__Communications From This Website__. Unless you have opted out of these features, we may use your information in a variety of ways to communicate with you, such as through email, newsletters, RSS feeds, service announcements, or for customer service. 

__Personal Information__. Unless you have opted out, we may rent, sell, or share any of your information, personal or otherwise, with third parties, including without limitation for the following purposes: 

  * _Advertisers._ We aggregate (gather up data across numerous registered user accounts) personal information and disclose such information in a non-personally identifiable manner to advertisers and other third parties for their marketing and promotional purposes. For such purposes, we do not disclose any information that could be used to identify SwitchRamp users personally. 

  * _Business partners_ : When you express interest in promotions offered through our Sites or our Services, we may share your personal information, alone or in combination with non-personal information, with the relevant business partners or affiliates to offer you those products, services and promotions. When you elect to engage in a particular offer or program, you authorize us to provide your personal information address and other information to that business so that they may contact you.

  * _Third parties for business reasons_ : In connection with a substantial corporate transaction, such as the sale of our business, a divestiture, merger, consolidation, or asset sale, or in the unlikely event of bankruptcy. If a change in ownership occurs that will result in your personal information being used in a manner different from that stated in the then-existing privacy policy, notification will be provided consistent with the terms of this Privacy Policy.

  * _Legal Requests._ SwitchRamp cooperates with law enforcement authorities, as well as with other third parties, to enforce laws, intellectual property rights, and to prevent fraud. In response to a verified request by law enforcement or other government officials relating to a criminal investigation or alleged illegal activity, we can, and you authorize us to, disclose your name, city, state, telephone number, email address, login name history, fraud complaints, and site use history, with or without a subpoena. Without limiting the above, we will not disclose your personal information to law enforcement or other government officials without a subpoena, court order or substantially similar legal procedure, except when we believe in good faith that the disclosure of information is necessary to protect our rights or to prevent imminent physical harm, financial loss or to report suspected past, present, or future illegal activity. Further, we can, and you authorize us to, disclose to a third party your information, including your name, street address, city, state, zip code, country, phone number, email, and company name, as we in our sole discretion believe necessary or appropriate in connection with an investigation of fraud, intellectual property infringement, piracy, or other unlawful activity.




__Aggregated and Non-Personal Information__. We may rent, sell, or share aggregated demographic information not specifically identifiable to you, and other non-personal information we collect, with any third parties for any reason, including to develop and deliver targeted advertising, and to conduct general business analysis. We may combine non-personal information we collect with additional non-personal information collected from other sources. For example, we may tell our advertisers the number of visitors to our Sites and the most popular features or Services accessed. 

Please note that our Privacy Policy does not cover any third party's use or handling of your information once it is shared. Rather, the privacy policies of the various third parties will govern. If you want to learn more about their privacy practices, we encourage you to visit the websites of those third parties. 

As part of the products or services offered to you through our Sites, the information you provide to us may be transferred to countries outside Singapore. By way of example, this may happen if any of our servers are from time to time located in a country outside Singapore or one of our service providers is located in a country outside Singapore.

The Company makes no claims that the Sites, the materials and/or the products may be lawfully accessed, viewed or downloaded outside of the Singapore. Any such use of the Sites, the materials and/or the products may not be lawful by certain persons or in certain territories. If you access any of these from outside of the Singapore, you do so at your own risk and are responsible for compliance with the laws of whatever jurisdiction you are in at the time. This Privacy Policy is governed by laws of Singapore, without regard to its conflict of laws principles. You hereby consent to the exclusive jurisdiction and venue of the federal courts within Singapore, for any claims arising out of or relating to your use of the Sites, the materials, the products, and/or this Privacy Policy. If any provision of this Privacy Policy is found to be invalid or unenforceable by any court having competent jurisdiction, then the invalid or unenforceable provision will be deemed superseded by a valid and enforceable provision that most closely matches the intent of the original, and the remainder of the agreement shall remain in full force and effect.

## Control of Your Login Name and Password

You are responsible for all actions taken with your login name and password. Your SwitchRamp user password should be held in strict confidence and under no circumstances will SwitchRamp personnel, its agents or affiliates ask you for your SwitchRamp user password. If you lose control of your password, you may lose substantial control over your information and may be subject to legally binding actions taken on your behalf. Therefore, if your password has been compromised for any reason, you should immediately change your password as detailed in the paragraph below.

## Information Retention & Security

SwitchRamp takes appropriate security measures to protect our users' information against unauthorized access, loss, alteration, or destruction. These include internal reviews of our data collection, storage and processing practices and security measures, as well as digital encryption and physical security measures to guard against unauthorized access to systems where we store personal information. We restrict access to personal information to employees, contractors, and agents who have a "need-to-know" that information in order to operate, develop or improve our Services, and who are bound by confidentiality requirements. We want you to feel confident using our Sites to transact business. However, no system can be completely secure. Therefore, although we take steps to secure your information, we do not promise, and you should not expect, that your personal information, searches, or other communications will always remain secure. 

## Privacy Policy Changes

This Privacy Policy may be updated from time to time to reflect changes in our practices and Services. We reserve the right to modify it at any time, so please review it frequently. When changes are made to this Privacy Policy, we will revise the "last updated" date at the top of this Privacy Policy. If we make any material changes in the way we collect, use, and/or share personal information that may impact you, we will also prominently post notice of the changes on our Sites and/or we may notify you by sending an e-mail to the e-mail address you most recently provided us in your account, profile or registration (unless we do not have such an e-mail address or you have opted-out of such communication). Your continued use of our Sites or Services after we have posted any Privacy Policy changes indicates your agreement to the changes unless you notify us otherwise. 

## How to Contact SwitchRamp

Mail:  
Traffic Performance Pte. Ltd.  
20 Cecil Street, #14-01 Equity Plaza  
049705, Singapore
