> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the sd13.org privacy policy that was archived on 2013-04-16. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20130416172542id_/http%3A//sd13.org/do/privacy.htm) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# District 13 Privacy Policy Statement

| **Privacy Policy Statement**  
---|---  
Back  
  
Bloomingdale School District 13 recognizes and respects your need for privacy and security as you visit our website. When you visit our site to view pages or to read and download District 13 information, you do so without telling us who you are and without revealing any personal information.

In the course of using this website, you may choose to provide us with information to help us serve your needs. We do not collect any personal information unless you voluntarily provide it by sending us an e-mail, participating in a survey, or completing an on-line form. Any information collected on this website is only used for District purposes. Any personally identifiable information you send us will be used only for the purpose indicated. Personal information submitted will not be transferred to any external third parties except as described below. District 13 does not collect or use information for commercial marketing purposes. We do not give or sell personal information to others.

Law requires us to maintain some material (including e-mails) received by District 13 employees over varying lengths of time. These laws sometimes require public disclosure of certain materials as well. We will release any submitted materials, regardless of their content, if required to do so by law or judicial subpoena.

Information that you provide will be handled in accordance with Board policy, State and federal law.

On-line Employment Applications  
We may share information you provide in on-line employment applications with other neighboring public school districts. If you do not wish the information you provide to be shared with other public school districts, you must check the box indicated on the on-line application.

Our on-line job application is stored to provide you, our Human Resources Department, and our Administration access to the account.

Network Traffic Logs  
In the course of ensuring network security and consistent service for all users, District 13 employs software programs to do such things as monitor network traffic; identify unauthorized access or access to nonpublic information; detect computer viruses and other software that might damage District computers or the network; and monitor and tune the performance of the District network. In the course of such monitoring, these programs may detect such information as e-mail headers, addresses from network packets, and other information. Information from these activities is used only for the purpose of maintaining the security and performance of the District’s networks and computer systems. Personally identifiable information from these activities is not released to external parties without your consent, unless required by law.

Web Visit Logs  
District 13 websites routinely collect and store information from online visitors to help manage those sites and improve service. This information includes the pages visited on the site; the date and time of the visit; the Internet address (URL or IP address) of the referring site; the domain name and the IP address from which the access occurred; the version of browser used; the capabilities of the browser; and search terms used on our search engines. This site makes no attempt to identify individual visitors from this information; any personally identifiable information is not released to external parties without your consent, unless required by law. 

This site contains links to other websites. School District 13 is not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of such websites. District 13’s privacy policy does not apply when you visit these other sites.

Requests for information will be directed to the appropriate staff to respond to the request and may be recorded to help us update our site to better respond to similar requests.

Please send comments about this website or the District Policy Statement to:

> Webmaster  
>  Bloomingdale School District 13  
>  149 Fairfield Way  
>  Bloomingdale, IL 60103  
>  webmaster@sd13.org

  


* * *
