> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the oktatabyebye.com privacy policy that was archived on 2016-03-09. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20160309170259id_/http%3A//www.oktatabyebye.com/privacy-policy.aspx) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# OkTataByebye.com Privacy Policy

|  |    [Home](http://www.oktatabyebye.com/) >OkTataByebye.com Privacy Policy |   
---|---|---  
|  |   
---  
| 

| **Information we collect.**  
---  
  
**1\. Unregistered users**

We encourage you to register with us in order to take advantage of OkTataByebye's many personalization features. However, you may choose not to register and take advantage of any feature of our site where registration is not required.

If you do not register, then you would not be able to enjoy all the services of Oktatabyebye. The information collected from you in this case is limited. We log your IP address in order to help diagnose problems with our server, administer our Web site and track usage statistics. Your IP address may vary each time you visit, or it may be the same, depending on whether you access our site through an always-on type of Internet connection (e.g., cable modem or DSL), or through a dial-up connection (e.g., MTNL). Either way, it would be extremely difficult for us to identify you through your IP address, and we make no attempt to do so. If you reached our site by clicking on a link or advertisement on another site, then we also log that information. This helps us to maximize our Internet exposure, and to understand the interests of our users. All of this information is collected and used only in the aggregate; that is, it is entered into our database, where we can use it to generate overall reports on our visitors, but not reports about individual visitors.

If you visit our site by "clicking-through" from a site operated by one of our partners, and you have registered with that partner, then certain information about you that you have provided to that partner may be transmitted to us. You should review the privacy policy of the Web site from which you reached our site in order to determine what information was collected and how you agreed that our partner could use that information. 

**2\. Registered users**

If you choose to register with us, you'll be able to add content to our site and share it with the site members. For example, you may post your own travel experiences, hotel reviews or participate in contests. You would also benefit from the reviews and comments on travel ideas, destinations. In addition, you will get a personal profile on Oktatabyebye and benefit from the ability to connect with thousands of similar minded travelers. The benefits of registering will increase over time as we get to know you better and as new features are introduced. We encourage you to register so that you can experience everything that OkTataByebye has to offer!

If you register with us, we will collect personal information from you in addition to the non-personal information described above. That personal information may include your name, email address, mailing address, telephone number, travel preferences, user name and password, as well as contact information for other people that you provide to us. The information we collect may vary, but we only collect the information that you manually enter into our forms or otherwise authorize us to collect. We may store all or some of that information in a cookie file on your hard drive, so that our system will recognize you each time you visit our site and help us send you personalized information. In that way, we can save your preferences and help you find relevant information. It also allows you to log onto our site automatically each time you visit. To improve services and enhance personalization, we may periodically obtain information about you from other independent third-party sources and add it to your registration information. 

If you visit our site by "clicking-through" from a site operated by one of our partners, and you have registered with that partner, then certain information about you that you have provided to that partner may be transmitted to us. You should review the privacy policy of the Web site from which you reached our site in order to determine what information was collected and how you agreed that our partner could use that information. We may or may not retain that information; if we do, then we will only use it in accordance with our privacy policy, regardless of the policy of the partner site from which you came to us.

If you reach our site through one of our partners (whether or not you have registered with our partner), and you choose to register with us, we may be required to give our partner some or all of your registration information. We will only do so in accordance with this policy, but we cannot control how our partner uses the information. If you have questions about our partner's privacy policy, you should review their policy before providing information to us. Of course, you can ensure that the personal information you provide to us is not shared with our partners (except in accordance with this policy), by visiting us directly instead of clicking-through from one of our partners.  
  
**How we use the personal information we collect.**  
  
The personal information we collect from you is used to help both of us! The information provided by you is used to understand your preferences and guide you to find useful & relevant travel information. The personal information is also useful to help you connect and network with the like minded travelers, share their travel stories and get real travel advice from them.

We may also use your personal information to periodically contact you with news or important information from OkTataByebye, to provide you with other information or invitations related to your membership or the OkTataByebye community, and to request your feedback on our site. In addition to these periodic newsletters, member-exclusive updates & offers, we may email you additional materials, but only if you specifically request them. These might include opt-in travel guides and other materials that you proactively request from OkTataByebye.  
In addition to these communications, if you have provided an email address, we may use your personal information to send you notifications about special offers or to tell you about opportunities available from our partners. You may opt-out of any or all marketing communications from OkTataByebye in any commercial e-mail we send or at any time, as well as access and update your personal information, by visiting <http://www.oktatabyebye.com/profiles/briefbio1.aspx>

We may also use certain information that you provide in order to present you with advertising that you may find interesting. It benefits us because advertising helps pay the bills, and we can charge our advertisers more if they know that their ads will be seen by somebody more likely to find it useful. It benefits you because you see advertising that may actually be interesting to you, rather than annoying. 

You can cancel your registration with us by e-mailing us at [Atithi@oktatabyebye.com](mailto:Atithi@oktatabyebye.com). We will send you an e-mail to confirm your request. After we receive confirmation, we will remove your information from our active database, but some information may remain in our archives. We may not be able to remove your information from our partners' databases, if we have transmitted any information to them.  
  
**Disclosure of your personal information.**  
OkTataByebye does not sell or rent any personal information to any third party, other than our partners as discussed in this policy. We may aggregate personal information from all of our users and provide that information in the aggregate to other parties, including advertisers, for marketing and promotional purposes. However, if we do so, that information will not be in a form that will allow any third party to identify you personally.

We may share some of your personally identifiable information with our parent company, our subsidiaries and sister companies around the world, such as MakeMyTrip.com that is committed to provide you with a comprehensive array of travel packages and services to meet your travel needs. Sharing this information allows us to better understand the ways in which our various product and service offerings can assist travelers. It also enables us to provide you with information about travel opportunities in which you might be interested in. We do not place restrictions on the use of personal information by our parent company, subsidiaries, or affiliates but they will treat it at least as protectively as they treat information they obtain from their other users. They also will comply with applicable laws governing the transmission of promotional communications, and give you an opportunity in any such email that they send to choose not to receive such promotional e-mail messages in the future.

We also may share your personal information with third-parties specifically engaged by OkTataByebye to provide services to OkTataByebye (such as market research firms, marketing services providers and advertising agencies), in which case we will require those parties to agree to use any such personally-identifiable data solely for the purpose of providing the specified services to OkTataByebye. As you might expect, OkTataByebye must cooperate with legal authorities, and may in some circumstances be required to disclose personally identifiable information in response to requests from law enforcement authorities, or in response to a summons or other legal process. We don't expect this to happen, but if it does, we will provide only the information required. In other words, we will not simply turn over our database in response to a specific legal requirement. We can also turn over information about you if we believe we must in order to prevent a violation of the law, and by accepting this policy, you consent to our doing so, in our sole discretion. You also consent to our disclosing information about you in the course of legal proceedings if we are legally required to do so, if we reasonably believe that doing so may mitigate our liability, or if doing so will assist us in enforcing our legal rights. 

OkTataByebye has implemented security procedures to help protect the personal information stored in our systems. We also employ processes (such as password hashing & login auditing) to protect against unauthorized access to your personal information. But please know that there is no way for us to guarantee the security of your personal information.

Your profile on OkTataByebye will be publicly viewable and identifiable via your screen name. OkTataByebye will not share your email address with any other members nor display it any public manner. If you choose to participate in our member-to-member communications programs, you may be contacted by other OkTataByebye members, using OkTataByebye as an intermediary.  
  
**Children's privacy.**  
This website is a general audience site, and we do not knowingly collect information about children. Should a child whom we know to be under 13 send personal information to us, we will use that information only to respond directly to that child to inform him or her that we must have parental consent before receiving his or her personal information.  
**Changes to this Privacy Policy**  
OkTataByebye reserve the right to change this policy should we deem it advisable to do so. If we make material changes that will affect personal information we have already collected from you, we will make reasonable efforts to notify you of the changes and to give you the opportunity to amend or cancel your registration. We recommend that you view our privacy policy each time you intend to provide personal information and prior to providing such information to ensure that you are aware of the most current policy applicable to you.  
  
 
