> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the ryte.com privacy policy that was archived on 2016-01-03. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20160103194927id_/http%3A//www.ryte.com/pages/privacy-policy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Ryte Privacy Policy

[](https://web.archive.org/)

A. **Privacy Policy Overview**. Ryte and its affiliates and subsidiaries (“Ryte”) are aware of and responsive to your concerns regarding how information about you is collected, used and shared when you visit ryte.com (“Website”). Ryte is committed to protecting the privacy of consumers of Ryte’s products and services. This notice describes the privacy policy applicable to our Website (“Privacy Policy”). Although the Privacy Policy is discussed in more detail below, it is important to note:  
(1) The personally identifiable information that you provide is considered confidential and except as otherwise explained below in Paragraph C, such information will not be provided to others.  
(2) Ryte employs the technology of Verisign, as evidenced by the Verisign Secure Site Seal on the Website. This means that all information sent to the Website, if in a Secure Sockets Layer (“SSL”) session with Ryte, is encrypted, protecting such information against disclosure to third parties as further explained below in Paragraph E. Please note that this policy applies only to Ryte’s Website and not to the Websites of other companies or organizations to which Ryte may provide links as further explained below in Paragraph H. By visiting, accessing, browsing or using the Website you agree to the practices described in the Privacy Policy.

B. **The Information Ryte Collects**. Information gathered online may be referred to as either anonymous or personally identifiable information. Anonymous information refers to Website usage information that cannot be traced back to a specific individual, e.g., the total number of visitors to our Website (“General Information”). Personally identifiable information refers to specific information about a customer, e.g., name, address, e-mail address, telephone number and credit card information. (“Personal Information”). Please note that it is your choice to share Personal Information via the Website. Consider only sharing Personal Information with Ryte if you agree to our Privacy Policy.  
(1) General Information and Cookies. Ryte may collect certain General Information automatically, including “site usage” information from all visitors to the Website. Such data is used only in the aggregate. General Information helps Ryte determine general usage patterns and modify the Website in order to improve your experience. This type of General Information may be shared with third parties any time. Ryte may, at times, use a technology nicknamed “cookies” that tells Ryte how and when pages in our Website are visited, and by how many people. Ryte cookies do not collect Personal Information and we do not combine information collected through cookies with other Personal Information to tell us who you are or even what your e-mail address is. We may also provide statistical General Information to our Ryte affiliates as to how our customers use our Website. The Website may include content from other parties that may perform user activity tracking other than that described herein. In particular, some of our third party vendors may use “cookies” in ways that we do not.  
(2) Personal Information. There are times when Ryte may specifically ask for information about you when you sign up to use a service or when you order a product. Ryte may need certain Personal Information – such as name, Internet address, billing address, type of computer, or credit card number -in order to provide that service or product to you. We may also use that Personal Information to let you know of additional products and services about which you might be interested unless you choose not to receive such information.

C. **Use and Disclosure of Information**. Ryte, through its websites, does collect some information from users as outlined below:  
(1) How Ryte Uses the Information. You acknowledge and agree that Ryte has the right to use Personal Information and General Information and any other information (collectively “Information”) that Ryte collects from or about you through its Website. Except as otherwise explained herein, unless Ryte has your consent, or is required (or permitted) by law, Ryte will not share your Information with any unaffiliated entity.  
(2) Who Ryte Shares Your Information With. Notwithstanding the above, Ryte may disclose Information to (i) a Ryte affiliate; (ii) a third party in the event that Ryte sells all or part of its assets to such third party or merges with or is acquired by the third party; (iii) a third party vendor if necessary to provide you with a product or service that you have requested; or (iv) third parties that provide various services to Ryte and who are required to adhere to the intent of this Privacy Policy. Ryte may also disclose Information about you to others if we have a good faith belief that we are required to do so by law or legal process, to respond to claims, or to protect the rights, property or safety of Ryte or others.

D. **Children**. Ryte does not sell products and services for purchase by children. If you are under 18, you may use the Website only with involvement of a parent or guardian. In response to concerns about protecting children’s privacy online, Congress enacted the Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act of 1998 (“COPPA”). COPPA sets forth rules and procedures governing the ways in which Websites may collect, use and disclose any personal information regarding children under the age of 13. Therefore, in accordance with this Privacy Policy and COPPA regulations, Ryte does not:  
(1) Request or knowingly collect Personal Information from persons under 13 years of age (“Children”);  
(2) Knowingly use or share Personal Information from persons under 13 years of age with third parties;  
(3) Give Children the ability to publicly post or otherwise distribute Personal Information; and  
(4) Entice Children with the prospect of a special game, prize or other activity.

Ryte does not knowingly collect information about Children and believes that children should get their parents’ consent before giving out any personally identifiable information. We encourage you to participate in your child’s experience on the Internet and to review important safety tips with each child before he or she explores the Internet.

E. **Security Procedures**. Ryte operates secure data networks protected by industry standard firewall and password protection systems. Ryte also uses Secure Sockets Layer (“SSL”) software to protect your information during transmission. Only authorized individuals of Ryte, who must access said information in order to provide Ryte’s products, services and customer service to you, may access the Personal Information. Ryte makes no representations or warranties with regard to the sufficiency of these security measures. Ryte shall not be responsible for any actual or consequential damages that result from a lapse in compliance with this Privacy Policy as a result of a security breach or a technical malfunction. It is important that you protect your user name and password and not share them with others. Certain information may be transmitted to you by electronic mail. Although it is illegal to intercept or disclose these messages under Federal law, these transmissions are not secure.

F. **Applicable Law/International Issues**. Because Ryte is committed to protecting your privacy, Information that is submitted to this Site will be collected, processed, stored, disclosed and disposed of in accordance with applicable U.S. law. If you are a non-U.S. user, you acknowledge and agree that we may collect and use your personal data and disclose it to other entities, as discussed in “Who Ryte Shares Your Information With” above, outside your resident jurisdiction. In addition, such Information may be stored on servers located outside your resident jurisdiction. U.S. law may not provide the degree of protection for Information that is available in other countries. By providing us with your Information, you acknowledge that you have read this Policy, understand it, agree to its terms and consent to the transfer of such Information outside your resident jurisdiction. If you do not consent to the terms of this Policy, please do not use this Site.

G. **Third Party Sites**. The Website provides hyperlinks, which are highlighted words or pictures within a hypertext document that, when clicked, take you to another place within the document, to another document altogether, or to other Websites not controlled by Ryte. These hyperlinked Websites may contain privacy provisions that are different from those provided herein. Ryte is not responsible for the collection, use, or disclosure of information collected through these Websites or links, and Ryte expressly disclaims any and all liability related to such collection, use, or disclosure.

H. **Changes to Ryte’s Privacy Policy**. If Ryte decides to change the Privacy Policy, it will post those changes here so that you will always know what information we collect, and how we might use or disclose that information. Any changes to this Privacy Policy will be considered effective immediately after the changes are posted on this Website.

I. **How to Contact Ryte**. If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, please send an e-mail to support@ryte.com.
