> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the gv.com.sg privacy policy that was archived on 2009-03-30. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20090330170245id_/http%3A//www.gv.com.sg/privacy.jsp) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Golden Village - Privacy Policy

**1) INFORMATION WE COLLECT**  
Our primary purpose in collecting personal information is to provide you with a safe, smooth, efficient, and customized experience. This allows us to provide services and features that most likely meet your needs, and to customize our service to make your experience safer and easier. We only collect personal information about you that we consider necessary for achieving this purpose. 

Once you give us your personal information, you are not anonymous to us. If you choose to use our services, we may require you to provide contact and identity information and other personal information as indicated on the forms throughout the Site. Where possible, we indicate which fields are required and which fields are optional. You always have the option to not provide information by choosing not to use a particular service or feature. 

Under some circumstances we may require some additional financial information. We use your financial information, including credit card information to verify the accuracy of your name, address, and other information, as well as to bill you for your use of our services. 

We automatically track certain information based upon your behavior on the Site. We use this information to do internal research on our users' demographics, interests, and behavior to better understand, protect and serve you and our community. This information may include the URL that you just came from (whether this URL is on the Site or not), which URL you next go to (whether this URL is on the Site or not), your computer browser information, and your IP address. 

We let other companies, including without limitation companies that advertise with us, set and access their cookies on your computer. Other companies use of their cookies is subject to their own privacy policies, if any, and we have no control over these cookies. Our Site may also contain links to websites whose data protection and privacy practices differ from ours. We are not responsible for the content and privacy policies of these other companies and websites and encourage you to consult their privacy policies.

**2) OUR USE OF YOUR INFORMATION**  
We use your personal information to facilitate the services you request. We use your personal information in the file we maintain about you, and other information we obtain from your current and past activities on the Site to: resolve disputes; troubleshoot problems; help promote safe trading; collect fees owed; measure consumer interest in our products and services, inform you about online and offline offers, products, services, and updates; customize your experience; detect and protect us against error, fraud and other criminal activity; and as otherwise described to you at the time of collection. At times, we may look across multiple users to identify problems or resolve disputes, and in particular we may examine your personal information to identify users using multiple User IDs or aliases. We may compare and review your personal information for errors, omissions and for accuracy. 

You agree that we may use personal information about you to improve our marketing and promotional efforts, to analyze site usage, improve our content and product offerings, and customize the Site's content, layout, and services. These uses improve the Site and better tailor it to meet your needs, so as to provide you with a smooth, efficient, safe and customized experience while using the Site. 

You agree that we may use your personal information to contact you and deliver information to you that, in some cases, are targeted to your interests, such as targeted banner advertisements, administrative notices, product offerings, and communications relevant to your use of the Site. By accepting the Privacy Policy, you expressly agree to receive this information. 

**3) OUR DISCLOSURE OF YOUR INFORMATION  
**As a matter of policy, we do not sell or rent any of your personal information to third parties for their marketing purposes without your explicit consent. However, the following describes some of the ways that your personal information may be disclosed in the normal scope of business to provide our services.

**_Advertisers_.** We aggregate (gather up data across all user accounts) personal information and disclose such information in a non-personally identifiable manner to advertisers and other third parties for their marketing and promotional purposes. However, in these situations, we do not disclose to these entities any information that could be used to identify you personally. Certain information, such as your name, email address, password, credit card number, and bank account number, are not disclosed to these third parties in a personally identifiable manner without your explicit consent.   
_  
**Internal Service Providers for Our Operations**_ **.** We may use third parties that we refer to as internal service providers to facilitate or outsource one or more aspects of the business, product and service operations that we provide to you (e.g., search technology, discussion boards, bill collection, affiliate and rewards programs, co-branded credit cards) and therefore we may provide some of your personal information directly to these internal service providers. These internal service providers' are subject to confidentiality agreements with us and other legal restrictions that prohibit their use of the information we provide them for any other purpose except to facilitate the specific outsourced Golden Village related operation, unless you have explicitly agreed or given your prior permission to them for additional uses. In some instances, the internal service provider may collect information directly from you. In these cases, you will be notified of the involvement of the internal service provider, and all additional information you provide them and their additional uses will be strictly up to you. If you provide additional information to an internal service provider directly, then their use of your personal information is governed by their applicable privacy policy. 

**_Other Corporate Entities_.** We share much of our data, including personal information about you, with our subsidiaries and joint ventures that are committed to serving your online trading needs and related services, throughout the world. To the extent that these entities have access to your information, they will treat it at least as protectively as they treat information they obtain from their other users. Our subsidiaries and joint ventures follow privacy practices no less protective of all users than our practices described in this document, to the extent allowed by applicable law. Golden Village will share some or all of your personal information with another business entity should we plan to, merge with, or be acquired by that business entity. Should such a combination occur, we will require that the new combined entity follow this privacy policy with respect to your personal information. 

Due to the existing regulatory environment, we cannot ensure that all of your private communications and other personal information will never be disclosed in ways not otherwise described in this Privacy Policy. By way of example (without limiting the foregoing), we may be forced to disclose personal information to the government or third parties under certain circumstances, third parties may unlawfully intercept or access transmissions or private communications, or users may abuse or misuse your personal information that they collect from the Site. Therefore, although we use industry standard practices to protect your privacy, we do not promise, and you should not expect, that your personal information or private communications will always remain private. 

**4) CONFIDENTIALITY AND SECURITY  
**Your information is stored on Golden Villages servers located in Singapore. We use procedural and technical safeguards to protect your personal information against loss or theft as well as unauthorized access and disclosure to protect your privacy, including encryption, "firewalls" and Secure Socket Layers. We treat data as an asset that must be protected against loss and unauthorized access. We employ many different security techniques to protect such data from unauthorized access by users inside and outside the company. If you are aware of any security breach, please let us know as soon as possible. 

We have internal procedures in place requiring our employees and data processors to respect the confidentiality of any personal information held by us. 

However, "perfect security" does not exist on the Internet, so we cannot give an absolute assurance that the information you provide to us will be secure at all times, and we cannot be responsible for any event arising from unauthorised access to your personal information. We will not be held responsible for events arising from third parties gaining unauthorised access to your personal information. 

**5) CHANGES TO OUR PRIVACY POLICY  
**We reserve the right to update our Privacy Policy from time to time as we expand our services.  
**

7) CONTACT US

** We welcome your comments regarding this Privacy Policy. If you have any questions or if you believe that we have not complied with this Privacy Policy, please contact us at [customersvc@goldenvillage.com.sg](mailto:customersvc@goldenvillage.com.sg)
